i am doing well, just hanging out with my new friends.
i am good. just enjoying my new house i just bought.
that is great! i hope you enjoy the experience
i am hungry.
me too, i watch ultimate frisbee every day
i have a club i just bought.
i am watching uddo. i love it.
my house is a nice place to live
i live in bora bora
i live in a house with a big sweet tooth. i like cake.
i have a turtle named timothy
i love to bake. i am a big sweets person.
i live in bora bora
it is the weather here. i love the weather.
you bet it does. i bet you love it
i am alright, my dad is very conservative. he always says we live together.
that is good. i am a good man
thanks! i drive a ford pickup truck to church every sunday. you?
i have a ford that is modded to go fast over many terrains
i have a long gun range so i have to get a new one
i like hunting but i don't hunt often because i am old
i like to go to church every sunday. i love to hunt and hunt
i used to hunt but now i am into fishing
i love fishing, fishing is my favorite hobby.
that is good. i was in the military, so i can be more conservative
that is a tough one to get through
yes life is good for you
yes that is true, what do you do for a living?
do you work?
yes i do, sunday is my sunday for sure
hi! i am a nurse. what do you do?
that is great. i work for a law firm
i do, i am always helping people.
yes, it is. i do advertising in my spare time
that is cool. do you have any pets?
yes, we travel and study abroad, and we have a little girl
no i don't have any pets, but i do have a cat.
what do you do for a living?
i live in new york. i love to ride my bike.
i like to go to the christian church, i met my best friend in kindergarten
i am not. i don't know much about religion.
nice. i grew up in north dakota, i am a native of the us.
i am a little religious. i don't care about people.
no i don't. i don't really have a mosque
oh, i know. i listen to them while i work.
sure. i want to go to work on a project.
that is great! i enjoy riding horses!
i don't drink water either i am happy being single
i like to drink sugar
it is. i am single and don't want kids.
what do you do for a living?
i am single, i am happy being single and alone
i need to fix my problem
i can get you some
well you can try it and i will probably stick to my horses
i also don't want children i don't want to
i think i can help you with that
it is painful but it is okay
yes i am fine now
i know where you are going
i am good. just chilling with my two dogs. you?
i do, i love cats. i don't have any.
that is nice. i am an attorney
i don't have any kids, i am a homebody.
what kind of scares you?
i have watched a few tv shows.
i do, i am not a big fan of tv
i love movies and tv
i am a lawyer, i have 2 dogs and two cats
i don't like being around people, you?
i am from oklahoma, what about you?
that is nice of you to meet me
i am a veterinarian, i love animals, i also love animals
i am a homebody. i love watching movies and tv
that is okay. what do you do for fun?
i am doing good, how about you?
i am doing well just got home from work
what do you do for work?
i am an attorney for a client
i am a pediatrician. i love reading and running.
i like dogs and animals
i love dogs too! do you have any pets?
that sounds fun i am a big animal lover
yes, it is. i am a little concerned about the safety of my kids.
i have a fear of heights though.
i am in cali. do you work?
in the usa, but i am afraid of heights
i am a huge jazz fan. what are your hobbies?
i do but i like to listen to music
i am listening to jazz and reading. you?
yes i do. my dad is my brother.
nice. i am going to hairdresser school next week.
i make fish for a living, i am obsessed with sushi
a very exotic fish. i have a couple of them. they are all vintage 50s.
i am not a big fish person, but i like them.
wow. i have never been to a weight room.
do you like rap music? i like rap
i like to eat healthy, i am always on the go
it is nice to be able to share some of that heritage with you.
yes they are the memories of my childhood
i am actually born in the 60s.
i am 35. do you like to eat granola?
yes i do. i love sushi and listening to rap music.
i am not a big fan of fruit. i eat it every day for breakfast.
i bet. i am a fitness freak.
oh. that is terrible. my mom was a mcdonald worker.
no i don't. i don't have time for anyone
what do you do for a living
i don't have a job yet but i am looking for a new job
that is good. i want to be a lawyer
i am going to be the leader of mcdonalds soon.
i am going to be a lawyer.
i would like to but i am not sure.
i am a student so i am very hard on myself.
it is. my mom was raised by my uncle and aunt.
yes it is. i am too old to understand
i work there, but i have not done anything since i was a kid.
i don't do illegal things i have been doing illegal things
you should try to find me a place. i will find you soon
thank you, what else do you like to do?
hello, i am doing great! just finished a delicious dinner.
i am great! i am drinking scotch and drinking a bit of whiskey
i love scotch, it is so good. i am a bodybuilder.
oh, i am not big on meat.
i am a big bodybuilder i eat alot of meat
oh i like scotch a lot.
do you like to eat scotch
oh, my brother is also a big vegan.
that is sad. do you have a brother
i have a dog too.
no i don't have any pets i have a dog
i am an engineer. what do you do for a living?
i am a bodybuilder and do bodybuilding
i am a writer, fiction, mystery, and mysteries
do you like meat eating?
i am good. i just shot a deer in my hunting area.
i love the outdoors, i love to hike on the weekends.
nice. do you have a car?
that is nice! what do you do for work?
oh... i am working as a handyman.
are you single or married? i have a husband.
i am a single mom too. i am allergic to shellfish.
i love my kids. i am a single mom too.
i can buy you a new classic car. what kind?
i love shopping, but i also love hiking.
i love classic cars! i just love shells!
i like pink too, i love pink shopping
i like pink too, but the boys don't like shells.
i am pretty good at reading
i love mystery books. i teach jujitsu.
what kind of books do you read?
i am a teacher and i don't have time for that. i am learning jujitsu
you should. i am a truck driver.
i like to read and watch jujitsu.
i am more of a reader. i read mysteries, so i am not too busy.
i get a lot of stress. it makes me feel stressed.
i like to read mysteries, i love blue, i am a blue person.
oh, i am so glad you like blue!
i go to the mountains, in the mountains, and on the road.
i am so excited for the future!
i don't know if i would be able to run after i was out of church.
what do you do in your free time? i am studying jujitsu.
i am not sure, i am not sure what to do with my seven children.
i am not a fan. i am homeschooling. you?
oh yeah, i am not a fan either, but i like them
i am not really a fan of it either, i am homeschooling my kid
i am allergic to cats too! you?
i am homechooling my kid. i travel a lot.
i live in ohio state, not so small. i like small town.
oh nice. i don't live near my neighbors.
i love the rock hall.
no. i just started home school. i am homechooling my daughter.
what kind of games do you like? i am more into video games.
you should play fallout with me. the woods are nice.
i live near the lake. i am not sure if we have been together for much.
i am in the small town of london.
i have been there before. it is very quiet.
no, i don't. i saw a lot of movies there.
i am doing well. i am just watching one of my favorite tree hill videos.
that is great. i am watching simple plan. you?
what is your favorite band? i love purple!
i don't watch much video, but i like to watch simple plan.
oh wow. i have seen it twice. i am a registered nurse at a pediatric hospital
i am a veterinarian. i work as a kennel cleaner.
that is nice. i am a catholic. i like to pray for the animal shelter
i am looking for a job as a kennel cleaner
i am a pizza lover, what do you like to eat?
i have always felt that way.
i would think so.
it is. i don't really have a soft spot for animals.
you should try going to a zoo. do you have any pets?
hi kera. i am doing pretty well. do you work?
i am a senior at the university of bora bora
that is so cool. my 2 boys are twins. i am a single mom of two.
i bet that is pretty sweet. i love my turtles
my dog is named tom. i am single. do you have any pets?
i would love to have a car someday.
i love fall. i love hiking. i hike in my free time.
oh that is nice. i like to go to the beach in my boots
well i love to be outdoors. do you have any hobbies?
i love meeting new people... i am always looking for new people.
not really. i am just a single mom.
i am sorry. i am sure they are very interested in you.
it is a lot. i have a son, he is 2.
hi! so tell me about yourself.
i am great. i am just getting ready to go to work.
i am just about to head back to school. i love exploring with my sea creatures.
i am the only person in my family who does not drink.
wow! i also have a tail, so i enjoy exploring with them.
i live on a farm, but i am now working in carpenter.
i am a little over two feet tall, so i don't have any legs.
i can swim, but my wife does not.
no. i would like to. do you have any sea creatures?
i would love to. my mother used to be a mermaid.
i hear she is pretty cool.
i know, i only have two kids.
that is cool. my husband is a mermaid and they are both my friends.
i live in canada but i am in canada
oh, that is cool. i am moving to new york city.
that sounds exciting. i am a little older.
i am 25. are you married?
cool. do you have a uniform?
do you ever surf?
i am a hobby of mine. i am a student and i am not very good at it
i wish i could travel but i am out of state so i don't do much
yeah i bet i could get a job in california
i am a model and i will be moving to new york city next year.
i skate and drink iced tea
i like to skate too, and i am currently skating in new york city
cool! i am good at it. what do you do for a living?
no, but i do like to sing.
i play the drums, what kind of music?
i am alright. i just had a hard time walking my leg.
i am okay i don't like my husband i am sad
i am doing good. what are you up to today?
i am cooking dinner for my three kids.
nice! my left leg hurts so bad after eating a steak.
i will just have to decide what i am going to eat
i am sorry to hear that. what is your son like?
yes i do. he will have to make the right choice
you have to be lucky to be lucky to make it
i bet. i like pizza
i am happy for him.
yes. so what do you do for work?
i am a stay at home mom.
i am a carpenter so i don't have many friends.
that is fun, do you play any sports?
i love bluegrass and country, what kind of music do you like
i don't have time to do anything else.
what do you skateboard?
i don't. i like chips. i love them!
my parents were always gone when i was growing up
i work in anesthesiology. i am very thin and cannot lift much
that is not good. my parents were always gone when i was growing up.
yes, i am a student at hollister. how about you?
i really want to be a fashion designer but not right time in mine
hope you are happy now that you know. i am glad to hear that.
thank you. my best friend took my boyfriend in high school.
i am sorry, i don't know much about politics. i am a pro skater, but
i hope you don't have any regrets.
hello, i am a barber. what do you do?
i want to cut my hair. you?
oh, i am very much of a foodie, and my husband is a foodie.
i know what you mean, i could use a burger, but cheese pizza would be a better alternative
no i am happy about my weight. i have 3 dogs, and they all love me.
yeah i have 3 dogs and i have a really good hair stylist.
i am happy for you. i am making a salad with a salad.
i am allergic to cheese. i like all cheese pizza.
what do you do for work?
that is too bad. i am alone so i don't have time to talk.
i am sad. my husband works nights, i love to cook.
i would be a chef if i were not working.
since i was a kid. do you work a lot?
you sound like a nice guy. do you have any kids?
i like cooking. do you have any hobbies?
i have a cat named spade.
wow, i am only 5 ft but i have a big family.
i am retired from banking so i am retired.
i love exercise. i have been listening to music since i was 5.
that is cool. i have tried to make quilts for my relatives.
that is very sweet. i have a lot of siblings and i love them.
i am not tall. i am tall enough to walk, so i can still study.
my mom says they don't have any kids yet.
that is great. i am a student.
maybe that would be a good idea.
i am getting ready to go walk.
that is good to hear. what do you sing?
i will. i will walk a mile tomorrow....
i am a ford driver, and i love running!
i like pop music! what is your favorite band?
that is cool! i am a musician so i don't have much time for that.
cool. i like to be cool, what is your favorite band?
i am a cop. my dad was a cop.
that is nice! i am not much for law enforcement
i am a musician, so i like animals too.
i am a pastor at the church
that is cool. do you like it?
what do you do for work?
i like to run. i also love to run.
i like to play with my family. i go to church every sunday
nice! i like to eat but i have to watch out for nirvana.
do you think that is a good idea?
what would you like to do in your spare time?
i am good how about yourself?
i am doing ok, just got off a day off from going on adventures.
what are you studying?
i am studying to become a lawyer.
i see. i am in jail for a bit, but it is not for me.
i am sorry to hear that. how about you?
yes i am sure i will. i have a sea shell and some onions
oh cool! that is a good thing.
i just stand there and try to argue with my dad
that is crazy. i was really into that.
that is good. i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite product?
i was told they were real, so i am learning to lawyer.
i was a cop and not a lawyer, but i will get you a conviction.
that is so funny! do you have any pets?
i am sorry to hear that. my dog is not very friendly with my onions.
i am doing well, i just got done with my three dogs. you?
do you have a german german textbook?
nice! i have a dog. i am a hair stylist.
i have two boys and a girl
that is cool. i am a grown man
they are 34 and in college
i went to a pizza place called pizza my favorite
it is a great city, but not great for real estate
oh wow, that sounds like a fun time.
i like it when the weather is nice
what is your favorite holiday?
that is so cool do you like gifts
i am a stylist so i have 3 dogs and 3 cats
i don't have hair i just got it done
what do you do for work?
i am doing well, how about yourself?
good, just got done shopping for my favorite color, green.
i love the color pink, what do you do for work?
i like to go to zoos and collect teddy bears. you?
i like video games. i am a computer science major.
that is awesome! i like to read and write.
i am not sure. do you like space travel?
wow that sounds like a lot of work.
i don't. i do love animals.
yes, i do, i love animals as well.
i do like cats too. i also like to build model spaceships.
cats are cool. do you like playing banjo?
i have a dog named roba.
i was. bacon is my favorite food. i don't eat it much.
i don't eat bacon. i am a vegan.
i love sweet ones! i don't eat meat.
i like all types. i take my truck with me hiking. do you like music?
i have never been to new york. i have a big car. you?
oh no. i live in a hiker cabin. i can hear the mountain goats barking
i don't have a car. i do hike there sometimes. do you?
i do. i work in a hospital, and i work with families.
oh no, i am sorry. do you like to work?
yes, it is. i am not sure if i would like to work in a hospital
do you teach? i am a teacher
no, i live in a big apartment.
wow that is really cool i build my own business
i am joanna and i love watching horror movies
yes i am always up early so i don't watch much movies
oh i am from south carolina i am a singer
i am allergic to cats
i love horror films and i love watching them.
i love to make crafts and make crafts with my friends
oh i see i am a professional singer
i am a craftsman in a small town
oh nice i am a singer
i am allergic to cats and i love it
i work for a television company.
i like music a lot
i am a professional singer and i love watching horror films
i like to make crafts as well
i hope so too. what do you do?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. how are you?
i am good! just got back from school. how about you?
i do, but i am a singer and have 3 sisters.
i am a huge music fan i love listening to it
i like classic rock. what about you?
i am 5 feet tall and i love it
i am short, how about you?
i am a 5 foot tall woman
that is amazing! i am the only girl in my family.
no i have four. they are the tallest of my family
i am a musician, i work at a clothing store.
i do i am in school and am 5 feet tall
do you have any hobbies? i like to party.
i am going to be a doctor
i have never watched a tv show
hi! i am doing well. i am just getting ready to play poker.
i have two dogs. do you have pets?
oh, i like to be alone, i like to play poker.
i work as a car salesman. i love to ride horses.
oh i guess you are a salesman?
i am sorry to hear that. i bet you are a lonely person.
i don't drink, i drink alot
do you think you are biased?
i have a few friends who don't like me because i am a carpenter
i don't think so. i work at a dealership and i have to work a lot.
that is not cool. do you have a lot of friends?
yes, i am sorry. do you smoke?
that is good. that is good.
i can tell you. i never stopped drinking.
yes that is true. i remember a lot.
great! just got done working with my dog pedro. you?
i am a dog lover, what kind of dog do you have?
he is a bulldog. he is 5 ft tall.
i am a big dog lover, so my dogs are quite a handful
he is 5 years old. he loves them.
do you have a favorite place to eat?
yes, he is a technician. i am a nurse.
i work for a company that repairs classic cars
i love movies, what is your favorite movie?
i love classic cars. i love them too!
my favorite is the newfangled empire.
yes. i love them.
i will share it with you.
i have a new car that i am working on. it is old.
i would like to get broke. i am a hard worker.
i am doing great, i am tired from work.
that is cool. i am a handyman so i am a little lonely
at a hospital, but i have a disability and cannot work at work anymore.
i restore old cars.
that sounds nice. i enjoy country music.
i like to help people
i love cooking, but i don't cook much.
that is great. i love my old vintage cars
i love classic cars. they are expensive, but make a lot of money.
chevelle is the best! i love it
i also love cooking. i am allergic to seafood, i am allergic to animal products.
i like eating fish and shells
i like fried foods but i also like to cook with them.
yes they taste great
do you have any plans for the weekend?
i am good. how are you?
i am working on the family farm. i am homeschooling
i am just singing my karok song. it is called karok. you?
well i am homechooling my child so i could chat later.
that is a good idea. i am a colorblind person.
i would not want to work with colorblind people. i have been homeschooling my child.
i like to sing karok. you?
i don't sing, i just like to make things
oh that is cool. i hope you enjoy it
yeah it is. what do you do for a living?
i am not that into sports either. i am into music and cooking.
it is! i have a son that is a good man
yes, i have two. i am very happy with them.
oh wow. that is very romantic. do you have any?
that is a long time. i am sure he will find one someday.
i love hiking and camping, what do you do for fun?
i like to eat a lot of meat and it is my favorite
i do. i like to go fishing, especially when i have a big stereo in my truck
i am a bodybuilder and hike. i like to fish
no, but i do have siblings. do you?
where do you work?
i am a nurse. i am employed at the hospital
oh, that is good to hear!
i drive my truck to work
oh, you are very nice to her
not really, i am not good at it
you are a real estate agent? i bet you have a lot of money
you should listen to some music and go camping
do you have any hobbies?
i like to go camping, go hiking, and go camping
i am good, just shopping.
i am getting my shoes from my favorite fashion brand
i really like ginger. i love making my own clothes
nice do you like to shop?
i love to shop for new clothing. my sister used to shop at my store
i am going to buy a new car for my kid
i do, i just say i like my sister a lot
do you have any kids?
i don't. i am sorry to hear that.
what kind of kids do you have?
not yet i don't have time
what do you like about him?
i am single and want to get a job as a nurse
that is great. do you have a job?
i love shopping for clothes!
i am well, just relaxing here in california.
i am cold, its too cold here
yes. i love to paint and sell my stuff.
what else do you like to do?
you must be very smart
i don't but i blog about it
oh no i am homechooled so i have to get ready
i have a love for my husband
i do i like public school but not really in public
i agree, i am pretty positive about you
i am homeschooled and dye my hair red
black and white
i have one blue haired girl and one purple haired boy
i don't think so
titanic. my mom and i like the book and the robot
i am fine and you?
i am doing good just outside of my large garden
that sounds nice, i am preparing my dinner
yes, i love to garden, it is the best thing to do.
so tell me about yourself
i am a biology major. i am a college student.
i am single and alone so i don't have any kids
that is cool. do you have a favorite animal?
yes they are! what do you do for work?
i would love to hear them.
do you have a gym? i go to the gym a lot
that is awesome, i am in a gym so i don't get to do much
i have a hard time being single though, i am not happy
what kind of workout do you do?
no, its a relief for me. i am single and alone and my job is to deliver the
great. i just got off work at the mall.
its been good. i have been teaching my kids about the republican cause.
do you have any children?
what do you do for a living?
i work in fashion, i love fashion.
cool. i am in cook school. i love to cook.
i am sure you will enjoy it. what kind of food do you like?
pasta. i love to cook. what about you?
awesome. what is your favorite dish?
do you like to read?
i am actually not that good at it.
oh wow. that sounds like a lot of work. i am just a teacher.
i don't know. i don't think it will. i don't have time for anything else
what do you do for fun? i am going to reach out to them
they are all gone now. i want kids badly but not right time in my life.
great, how are you today?
do you have any pets? i have a dog named tupac.
i have a dog named jason. he is my go to.
i have two dogs and a large one.
that is not good. that is a relief.
i love to hike. i have been to the mountains a few times.
i love to eat sweets! i dance a lot.
i have never been to the country, but i have always wanted to visit.
do you have any photos?
i am not sure i would be able to eat sardines for breakfast.
i like to bake for fun. i will make some for you.
i just had surgery to get back to school.
that is very hard work!
it is, i am an avid yoga instructor. i have two small dogs.
i am a little overweight too. i eat too much, but i keep my weight down.
i play video games on the weekends.
i do. i work out all the time and listen to rap music.
i am a bodybuilder myself. i am also a musician.
i am vegan and have a brother that is a bodybuilder
that is cool. do you have any pets?
that is awesome my dad is a vet
no i am a little older. do you have siblings?
i love horror movies.
i love to listen to trap queen. i am from california, so i am a bit
cool! i would love to see that concert
oh my! i am a no. i am not married.
i think they were all cute.
i am jealous. my boyfriend is a virgin.
not yet. they are still waiting for the date.
they are very cute. do you like it?
i am a retired accountant. what do you do?
i am a volkywagen beetle. my husband is a doctor. you?
do you have any hobbies?
i like to shop and read. what about you?
that is cool, i like to go hiking. i love hiking too.
i have been working on a novel. what do you do for a living?
oh that sounds fun. i love hiking. i also enjoy going on hikes.
i want to be a doctor and be able to photograph anything.
oh wow! what do you sell? i am a single mom of two boys.
what is your major? i am going to be a doctor.
that sounds like a very exciting career choice. i don't have time to write.
yes, i hope so. my dream is to be a doctor.
i love the story of how i lost my two boys to cancer.
i am great! just watching a movie.
what do you do for a living?
i am a biology major. how about you?
i love skating. i enjoy going to the rink and playing with my friends.
i do skates for a living. i don't like to party though
i like bluegrass music, do you like music?
cool! i like to skateboard.
oh cool. i used to go to a party at hollister when i was a kid.
yes, i love chips.
i love bluegrass, but i don't like chips.
i like pizza. i am not a big pizza person.
i love pizza too. i also like chips too.
i have had the alfredo. it is my favorite.
yes it is! i am sorry. i have not had it yet.
do you like parties?
i am good. just got done hunting.
i love classic cars. they are my favorite.
i love meat. it is so good for you. i am a bodybuilder.
my company takes it very hard to restore classic cars.
yeah, but not right now. i am a realtor.
no, i am a contractor. i fix cars for a living.
i could be. i am a bodybuilder.
i am allergic to shellfish, so i don't eat much of it.
i am a big fan of the whole bodybuilder thing.
i have three siblings and one brother. i am a hunter.
that is funny. my mother is a secretary.
what kind of family do you have?
yes, i have my brother. we both have a brother.
we are close. my mom is the only one i have.
i bet. i go hunting with my brother every weekend.
great. i just got back from running. it was fun.
what do you do for fun? i am reading. you?
i like reading. the trees in the tree hill are nice.
that sounds good. i love to cook
i love pizza! its my favorite
i am sure it s, i am cooking a pizza today
yes i do love it. i love cats
that is awesome i am a republican i want to be a democandidate
i know that is bad!
that is cool what kind of books do you teach?
i am a registered nurse
what do you do for a living?
my wife was a little angry at me for asking
well that was a long time ago.
oh wow that is not good. i am also working as a registered nurse
hi, i am jessica. what are you up to?
i am a gardener. what do you do for fun?
i am studying to be a hairstylist. i also collect vintage 50s decorations.
its going great. i am a biology major. what do you do?
i like to fish. i am collecting vintage 50s decor.
do you travel a lot? i am going to travel to six countries.
no. i don't travel much. i collect old lady stuff.
you can buy a car, too! i travel a lot.
very cool! i also have a lot of friends.
that is cool. i travel a lot. especially to six countries.
my favorite is the shrimp. i would love to learn more about shrimp.
that is funny. i teach biology at a college, so i have a lot of time to study
oh. i am going to hairdresser school.
i have traveled to six countries. how about you?
i am at the university of georgia. i am going to school for it.
i am great, how are you?
i am great just got back from swimming. how are you?
i love the beach. how about you?
i am actually a kindergarten teacher
i am a writer. i enjoy reading mysteries.
that is a lot of work. i teach kindergarten.
do you have a favorite genre of literature?
i read a lot of mystery books
i am from a small farm, so i have plenty of time to read.
yes i do. i teach them about animals and pets
i love animals, especially blue ones.
i like colors like red and green
that is cool, tell me more about yourself
well, i live near the ocean and don't have much time for hobbies. i also love driving
wow that is very nice. i have seven children, and a husband.
hi. i am doing well. just got done with a bible study.
oh no. i am in college right now.
i am in college, i want to be a doctor.
congrats! what do you do for fun?
i am only 17, so my style is different from yours.
i would love to do that, but i never finished high school.
i don't have to do anything, i don't want to
that is cool, i did not do much in high school. i was only 17
you are not in a race?
no reason. its ok. i am dangerous.
i hope so too! you sound like a good person.
i know. it is not for everyone.
i am going to be a doctor next year, i want to be a surgeon
oh i don't think you should give up on them.
i don't know if i will ever be able to do that. you can help me with my
hey, what are you studying? i am a secretary.
nice! what do you do for a living? i am studying for college.
i am a secretary. i am a singer and am a writer
i am studying english. i am going to be a teacher soon.
what kind of sports do you like?
yes i play soccer and basketball.
i play softball. do you play any sports?
wow, that is awesome. i hope to be a professional soccer player someday
that is nice! i like candy too
i hope you are not too sick. i will send you a link to a cpr video.
i love candy! i love the candy i eat when i work in the office.
i do like candy too. i like to be active.
i love candy. i love candy too.
oh i am sorry i am eating sour gummy worms. i am a 22 year old
i am sorry! don't be rude
no, i am 32, i am a real estate agent
i am a girl, i am a little older than you
i am in college at university of mississippi.
what do you mean by that? i am only 11
they are, i am an environmentalist and i am looking for a job.
wow. are you an infant or a foster child?
oh.. i guess youre going to have to do it for sure
my dad taches me to clean and scrub and clean the room
i have been working as a real estate agent for the past 12 years.
i know right? i am an environmentalist
oh, that is really interesting. i grew up in the outdoors. i am a real estate agent
it is a very interesting subject. i am working on a book
i love history. it is a fascinating read.
i like to read about them
they were the most savage people in history.
hi, i am a fantasy writer. what do you do?
that is cool, i work in an office. what do you do for a living?
i am an avid fantasy fan, i also write books.
that sounds like a good time.
i love jazz. i want to write fantasy books myself.
i like to watch tv. i don't like to listen to music.
i am into animals. do you have any pets?
no kids, i am in college so i don't have kids
its a fantasy novel about a boy who is trying to make a new life.
i am a scientist, i am not good at science
i love blue people. i like them too.
i like going to the airport to see them.
i like to collect anything i can find.
i like to snowboard
what do you do for a living?
i am good, how are you?
i am not so good at it. i am working at the kindergarten.
i am a pet foodie
oh do you have any pets?
i have a cat that i call kitty. he is my fave
do you have any children?
that is nice i am working on my business
that is awesome i am a kindergarten teacher i love kids
what grade are you in?
yes i don't think so. i am pretty big
that is cool, what kind of hobbies do you enjoy?
i don't like running, but i like swimming, i like swimming too
i am not too tall, but i can run with you
i don't swim but i swim for fun.
yeah swimming is fun, it gives me more time to run.
i am doing well, just got off work.
i am doing great! just got back from shopping and i was getting ready for the mall.
what are you studying?
i am just really old and cannot drive a volkswagen.
i love new people so much
that is cool! i am going to high school next year so i am more into fashion and fashion
that is great. i hope you have a great day
that is nice. do you like shopping?
i love fall so much
i love frisbees, they are my favorite.
do you have any siblings?
you should get a frisbee, i love it!
no but i am going to buy a new turtle
oh wow. i am so sorry. i am going to the ud for high school next year
my mom and dad don't like pets.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am ok just got done dancing and i am hanging out with my sister and dog
i sing and watch horror movies.
i am a drag queen and dance with my sister
that is cool. i am a teacher and a teacher.
i am a dancer in a band
i want to be a teacher. what kind of music do you teach?
wow i am sorry to hear that. my parents died. i don't get along with my sister
cool! my mom is a teacher, and my dad is a farmer. what do you do for
i am from edris island, you?
do you like horror movies? i love horror!
i do like horror i am a mixed race girl
oh no! i am sorry to hear that! i am sorry. what are you singing?
i am glad to know you are not that scary
i am a fan of all those movies.
i am well. how about you?
that is cool. i love graphic design. i love working in sales.
i love to read books. i am a big fan of pink floyd
i see. i have plans for the weekend. what about you?
i love design and i love pink floyd
i enjoy watching movies and watching movies. i watch the bands rush on.
i don't listen to music, i love it
i am more into graphic design. do you have any pets?
i am vegan. i am allergic to cats.
i love cats. they are my favorite.
it is okay. i don't have a boyfriend or girlfriend.
i understand. that is okay.
i don't like cats. i prefer pink floyd.
i am great, how are you?
i am doing great how about you?
i am doing well, i just got off work
i work as a kennel cleaner, and i am a pet owner.
i am a pediatric nurse
that is nice. what do you do for a living?
yeah i do love it a lot
i love animals. i love working at the shelter.
i work for a job that is fulfilling.
i am a stay at home mom. i also love to cook.
well i drink water a lot, and drink a lot of water
i am an animal shelter worker so i stay healthy.
yes i drink soda sometimes
i bet. i try to be like my boss niece.
i don't have a lot of friends
i am great, how about you?
i am good just finished reading a book about my family
i like to build houses and i have a tree.
nice! i am not big into trees
i don't, i have a good relationship with my kids
that is nice of you to meet them
wow, you must have a huge family! what do you do for work?
i wish i had a big family, it would be nice
i don't really like spending time on things
i hate it because i am not very good at it
i know. what else do you like about your ex?
i would love to find someone that loves her
that is good to know
nothing really, i just want to make money
that is great. i am sure he will be a great person for you.
no i am not interested in books i am a painter
that is cool. i am a big reader myself. i have seven kids.
awesome! that is a lot of kids.
it is. i grew up on a farm. i love nature.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have kids?
you should take them to school. they will be okay.
i am a curator at the museum
that sounds fun! i also love reading mystery.
i am an artist, so that is where i work
that is a great hobby. i like to read mysteries.
i can but i am not good at it. what is your favorite color?
do you have a stool?
i can do it all with my toes
do you have any hobbies?
i know what they mean, i am a great artist
i am great. just got back from a hunting trip.
i am good. just got back from the army.
what is karaoke? i have never heard of it.
i have never heard of them. i don't think they would.
i agree. i just like to eat healthy.
i have never been to the arctic. do you have any allergies?
i like dogs too, but i like ice dogs too.
i don't fish, but i like to eat fish.
i am a geologist. i hunt polar bears.
oh wow. i am sorry. my mom was not around as much as i thought.
it is. i have never really been to a glacier.
i am a geologist, so i am not very good at it.
i wish i could have gone into the army.
i think it is good to have a good listener
i am sorry. i am an arctic explorer, and so i am pretty sure the same thing
good afternoon i am at work and just finished restoring classic cars.
i am doing fine. i just finished reading my romance novel.
i work at a car repair shop. i love vintage cars.
i am a single woman. i want to be a chef!
nice! i work at a company that repairs old cars.
i like to cook, i am a 32 year old single lady.
i work for a company that repairs cars. i am a handyman.
i am a stay at home mom. i also take care of my elderly parents.
i am. i am a cook. i love cooking. what do you do?
i like cooking. i don't cook much, but i like to cook
i love to eat shellfish. i am allergic to it.
that is so weird. do you have pets?
i don't. i have a pet named lucy. what about you?
i am a single woman and i love it!
i am sure that will be fun.
i am well, how are you? i am petting my dog and three dogs.
i am doing good. just got back from the park
i have two dogs and 2 cats
i have a turtle named timothy and i love to meet new people
i am afraid of heights i am an attorney
no, i am a cop, you?
cool, i am not religious
oh i like disneyland. i have a turtle named timothy
i would not do that to you, it is a crime.
i would rather be in bora bora.
that is awesome! i am from oklahoma so i don't like heights
nice. do you like the outdoors? i love it!
i plan to go there once
i am not a big fan of the beach
no, its too much to ask
not bad, how are you?
i am doing well, i just got home from work
that is a lot of sleep. i wish i had time for my crafts.
that is good, i am always on the go. how about you?
i am a homechooling child so i make crafts and make crafts
what do you do in your spare time?
i am allergic to cats. i am homeschooling my kids.
my brother just got married so we are allergic. we take it easy.
i love animals! i don't have time to be home. i am homeschooling.
i am painting my room now. i am doing great.
a huge family of homeschooling kids, you?
that is great. what do you do for fun?
what do you like to do in your spare time?
i love biographies and books, i would like to learn more about them
i don't have much time for reading. my child is a little too busy.
great! i am doing well. how about you?
i am ok, just got back from college.
that is good i am just listening to the situation
i am taking college to be a teacher and hope to be a teacher
i am studying to be a doctor and i am in high school
what are you studying?
that is great, i work as a schoolteacher
i am taking college and hoping to be a teacher.
i am in college studying for my masters
no not really. i don't have much free time.
i enjoy going out with my family and playing with friends
i like music too, what kind of music do you like?
no, i mainly listen to music from different genres
i like old music. i like a lot of old bands too.
i like old music mostly
sure. what else do you do?
where do you work at?
i am a chef.
that sounds like fun.
yes, i do. i am not sure if i can do that.
i was working in the health care system as a child.
that is a tough job. do you like to work?
yes. she works with young children.
nice. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any siblings?
no, but i would love to.
i understand. what do you like to do for fun?
i love going hiking
that sounds fun. do you go hiking?
i go to the farm and hike
you must love camping. it is my favorite thing to do.
hi, i am doing well, just got done drinking iced tea.
sounds great. i just bought a new dress for my horse.
i enjoy listening to country music.
country music is great! i am a rock and roll fan.
i have never traveled.
i am in florida, but i don't have much money
i like to dance. do you dance?
do you like to paint? i do
do you have any special gifts you would like to share?
what do you do for work?
i am a full time student, i hope to go to college.
do you work at all?
i am a manager at a local clothing store
what do you do for work?
what do you do in your future?
i am doing great, how are you?
i am doing good, just hanging out with my brother.
what are you drinking?
wow, i am a college student so i don't party much.
oh, college is hard, but i do well at it.
i am in marketing. i am looking for a good marketing consultant.
awesome! i am a carpenter and my wife and kids love it.
no, but my brother does.
i don't. i am more of a poker player.
i don't have kids. i am reading biographies so i have time to read.
yes. i don't know how to count cards, but i do know how to count.
yes, i like biographies. i love it.
i like reading too. i like cars too.
that sounds interesting. my favorite is fiction.
i have never read about them.
i am doing some watching horror movies, but i am not a big fan.
i am in a horror movie. i love the horror movie
i lift weights in my spare time. i like to lift weights in my truck.
yes i am. i was in high school. i used to play soccer.
i am a warehouse worker. i lift weights for fun.
nice! i am a college grad, i work in a warehouse.
i have a job in a warehouse. you?
i am a college graduate and have a degree in psychology.
that is cool. what do you do for fun?
i love baseball. i love to go to the park and watch baseball.
that is so cool! i am a huge football fan.
i think so. i play soccer as a kid.
what do you cook? i make barbecue.
yes. i love being married!
that is cool. i write stories for fun.
cool i am from ohio. i am a web designer.
i love snow. i love cold weather.
i do, i love the heat.
i am a technical consultant, i don't like it.
i am a web designer. do you like the work?
cool! i am a college student.
no, i am a young adult, in wisconsin.
i am packing up my stuff, and i am ready to go out on the cold weather.
i am not a fan of snow. i would rather be outside.
what are you moving to?
i live in florida, where is florida?
i am in wisconsin, moving to new york.
i drink iced tea. it is my favorite.
i love bbq, i work with them.
i love bbq as well. i am always looking forward to retiring.
they are! i am clumsy
i have a racquetball game but i am a admin assistant.
i am a paint person
i am an administrative assistant, so i have a lot of free time.
i clean out the cages at a research facility
that is so cool. what are your hobbies?
what kind of paintings do you like?
what do you do for a living?
you sound like a really cool person
what do you drive? i like to go to bars.
well i am a junk food junkie
i am pretty confident i can be any size
wow that is very tall
i am doing okay, just drinking scotch.
i am good, just finished cooking a delicious meal for my dog.
i am a dog trainer, i have seen the horrors of a dog.
i don't. i have to stick to my diet.
i am a carnival worker, i used to work there.
i bet that was fun. i have never seen a carnival.
you drink scotch? i drink it. i drink it to relax.
i watch those in my flatscreen.
i love to eat scotch.
i have a big wedding dress.
do you have any pets? i have a dog.
i have a dog named maria. he is a sweetie.
oh, i have 3 cats. do you work?
hi! i am good. i am doing well. how are you?
i travel and study abroad so i can travel.
i like to sing and talk to people. they sound like fun people.
it is. i work in advertising. i am a marketing consultant.
i don't care about the jewish world. i am a liberal.
i am a kid in the world. i play violin and play violin in a band.
i like to play softball.
oh wow! i met my best friend in high school.
oh, i play for the big league... i am a softball player
no, i don't cook. i just eat chicken and vegetables.
i love italian food! what do you do?
i like mexican food! it is my favorite.
i love you. what is your favorite person?
yeah, but i don't know if i would go on a trip to the west coast.
i see. what kind of music do you play?
i am doing well, how are you?
i am great. i am studying biology and i love it.
that is impressive! i am just graduating college so i am not sure how to handle that.
i have a hard time with drinking. i want to be a marine biologist.
i am a college student but i am also studying biology.
i am a student so i have not been to college yet.
no i have not traveled much.
do you have heard of that?
i don't like it either. it would make for a hard time.
i would love to go there. i would love to go to a museum someday.
do you like playing board games?
that is cool. i would love to go to europe.
i have never been there. i have a pet cat named arizona.
aww. i have a dog too.
i have never been to vegas. i was visiting my brother, but i don't have a
hello, how are you doing today?
i am doing well. i have a son.
what kind of car do you have?
i am from italy.
nice! i live near the sea so i get to spend time with my family.
that sounds like a fun place.
i love italy! i have been to italian restaurants.
i don't cook italian food. i am homeschooling.
i love italian food. i love the middle east
i am from the northern part of the state.
yes, i am, i am in florida.
what state are you from?
i love to travel, but i am very big.
it is a big problem, we are homeschooling.
i will travel and i will get to know you!
hi, i am married and i am a retired teacher
no i am single and have a bad influence.
i am single too, but my wife does not mind.
i am an actress, but i am single.
well my wife is going to be a famous actress, and she is going to be the next big
i like vegetables, they are not good for you!
that is a good thing. i don't like to see people who don't like the food they
i am not a liberal. i am a white woman.
i am a conservative, i want to be a baker, but i am not a baker.
yes, he is calming.
he is a good teacher, but i am a little afraid of him.
i work in a model factory, i would like to be an actress
i love reading, what do you like to do for fun?
i think i will get that done soon. i am single, so i will do it for my
that is very creepy! i could imagine, but i am too afraid to let my kids see my
i am doing ok, i am on the cold side.
i am not warm at all. how about you?
oh no! i am not sure where i am. i don't want kids. i sing.
do you like art? i am an artist
i don't sing. i am a model. but i am single
that is cool. i am a huge fan of country.
what do you do for a living?
no i am not. i am a student at a research lab
oh cool. i also love to draw and paint
yes i am. i am an artist. i do some things for fun.
oh wow. i am working on my modeling job, but no kids.
oh wow. what do you do for fun?
that is cool i am single and working as a model
i can do it, if you wish
i am ok. sleep well now
i am doing great, i am about to go swimming
no i don't but i love to try swimming.
that sounds fun! i love swimming and i like to go swimming every day.
i don't like swimming, i am too busy cooking
i have 3, but i am only married with two kids.
that is so fun! i just turned 30 last year.
i drive a convertible mustang. i love it.
i have never owned a convertible before. i love it!
that is good. i don't eat much, but i love to eat healthy and exercise.
i do, but i would not be able to afford it.
that is great! you should try to get a good workout!
i am always trying to save for something.
i like to read when i have kids.
that is great! i also love to cook
i love cooking. do you have kids?
hi, i am just fine. i just rode my horse today.
i am trying to walk a mile on the way back from my cat.
oh no, i am so sorry. what do you do for work?
yeah i don't want to retire. i sew for my family
i don't, i like horses. i ride them daily.
i am retired too. i sew and walk.
i love to sing. do you like music?
i am so old and tired of all the gifts i have
i have a little photography studio in my hometown.
that sounds like fun. i am retired so i spend time walking.
that is cool, i have a lot of money to spend on it.
i am young. i am only 20. i have to walk to be able to walk.
about a mile and a half. what do you do for fun?
that is impressive. i like it.
i am very lucky i am only injured when i ride horses.
hello there! i am joanna, and i am a professional singer!
i am well. how are you?
that is good. i love riding my horse.
i like to eat frisbees. i have a turtle named timothy.
that is cool! i love watching horror movies! what are your hobbies?
i like to go to the park and play ultimate frisbee.
i like watching horror movies, especially the ones with the turtles.
i love horror! i love bora
no i am not sure
yes i have lived there for a long time
oh i see. i was born in south carolina and i don't work
that is nice! i just had a girlfriend recently.
i have a turtle named maria.
i am good thank you for asking
what is your favorite food? i am vegan so i love sushi
i like blue hair
i am vegan i am vegan so i don't eat any animal products
i don't like meat, i am homeschooled
yes i do that too, i am not ready for it yet.
i have a lot of friends and i love to bet that is why
what do you like to do for fun? i like rap music
i love rap music. i am homeschooled
cool! do you like being a good person?
i am, my best friend is.
i like to hear gospel music
so do you have any plans for the weekend?
hi. i am a hair stylist. you?
it is. i lift weights every weekend.
i am a hair stylist, so i am happy i don't have to work.
what kind of pizza do you like?
i like scary movies. i don't watch much.
i don't like food, i am tall and don't have any.
i like to grill it with cheese, they are my favorite.
i am a big football fan. i am a huge team lol
the Browns. they are the best.
i am in college, but i am very tall
oh, that is great. what do you do for work?
good for you. i lift weights every weekend and work in a warehouse.
what do you do for fun?
hi! i am great! i am a girl, but i love pizza!
that is awesome. i am reading the romance, i love the beach.
my mom has a restaurant where i work that serves pizza
i am eating pizza today. i am eating too much pasta.
i eat healthy and stay fit
i love the beach. it is my favorite place to go.
i am so excited! i can go to a bar and see my mom
i am sorry to hear that. i have a brother who loves the beach too
you could try going to the beach. that sounds like fun.
you are right! if i could make people feel good about themselves. i can teach you how.
i hope so. i am hoping my mom will help you.
that is awesome. horses are my favorite. i love them.
you are quite the reader. i love paranormal romance novels
i am doing well, just finishing up a short story for my job.
i am more of a builder. i build model spaceships.
i also write short stories. i am afraid of dogs.
what do you do? i am a model space ship builder.
that sounds interesting. what do you do for a living?
very cool! i love elephants!
no, i went to a carnival once.
i play videogames a lot. i have a lot of fantasy.
i would like to see them. i like to hang with my dogs.
do you have any pets?
you must love dogs. i have two.
i have a dog, but i have a dog too
they are my favorite, they drink scotch.
i don't, i am too shy to drink, and don't drink much.
i don't drink. i don't drink much either.
i love skating, it is my favorite sport
i do like to listen to bluegrass music, its my favorite.
i am an avid runner, i could not do that at 40
what do you do for a living?
yes, but i have to keep going. i am a guy. what do you do for fun
oh okay, tell me something about yourself
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
do you have a tail? i have a tail too
i know right? what happened?
i am glad you got it removed i am not that nice
i never thought i would grow up that way
well, if i did i would probably get it removed as well
i got it removed in high school because i am 40
yes, it was a tattoo of my tail
i am 40 years old, and i have a tattoo of my own
good, i was born in puerto rico and served in the military.
nice. do you drive? i do.
i am a twenty year old male. i grew up in puerto rico
so you are a priest? i am, but i am still in the military.
i am a colonel, so i am in the army.
i am retired. i just retired from the military.
no. i was in the military too.
i was in the army for a few years.
i am a military veteran. you?
i was in the navy. i retired in 1979.
yes, it is my idea.
it is... but i am an old soldier and i feel that.
i am currently in college.
i am sorry. what do you mean by college?
i don't have veteran benefits yet, i have a lot of training.
hello! i am at work on a hunting trip.
i am in the kennel cleaning and i have a hard time hunting
i am a mechanic and i work for a car repair company
that is nice i am a kennel cleaner
i am an engineer and i just restored classic cars
that is awesome do you like music
cool i listen to music when i go hunting
i play guitar
what do you do for a living?
oh nice. what do you like to do for fun
yes i do but i am not very good at it
it is how i learned to do it
what do you do for a living
i like that makes it hard
yeah i love movies and i love classic cars
i am good, just got done working at home.
i love to cook and enjoy movies. do you have pets?
i like to eat pasta. i don't eat anything sweet.
i am so so happy you are happy. i am 32 and i hate dogs
i am sure you will like it. tell me about yourself.
i am single, but i am scared of dogs
i am from the past. i live in new york
what do you do?
i am fine. i live in new york.
i am in virginia. i am single.
i live in new york.
what is it like being single? i am 32.
i don't know. i am busy with my family.
i am in ohio i love the smell of the city
yes, i like that.
i do, i am the lead singer in a popular band.
that is a shame. i am sure the environment is not very clean
wow. i bet. do you have a lot of money to spend?
i see. i am afraid i could not make clothes in the dirt because i adopted a stray cat
i am not shy, i am the lead singer in a popular band.
cool, i play folk songs in my apartment. i also make my own clothing.
country, country, country. i love it.
that is good. i like folk music and sing songs
i wish i was not working. i have three sisters.
what do you do for a living?
i wish i could have stayed in the army, i wish i could be a singer.
what kind of music do you like?
what kind of music do you like? i am a metalhead.
maybe i can bring you some.
i have a lot of sisters who are into folk music.
great, how are you?
i am great, i am doing great as well
not really. i am just chilling out at home with my sea creatures.
i live in a small village near the beach.
i live in cali. i love cali. where do you live?
that is cool. i don't know what to call them. i live on the beach.
no, i am not. do you have any hobbies?
i like horses. i ride them on the beach.
wow! you must be in school. i don't know what i am doing.
i am 30. do you drive? i have a car dealership
my dad used to drive a big black flag. i still love it!
no, i live in a house. i have no hobbies. i just want to be able to
do you have to pay for it?
i don't have money but i do like the beach
that sounds like a good time!
i am doing well, thanks. how about you?
i am doing well i am a college graduate
i am in england, i live in england.
i live in california
i am in san francisco. my parents passed away two years ago
i am a college graduate
oh, i am sorry to hear that. my parents passed away 2 years ago
i am sorry to hear that
they passed away 2 years ago
i went to a soccer game there
yes it is i have not even seen a spider yet
i don't like snakes
that is so sweet. are you married?
yes i am, i am a college graduate
cool do you like to be entertained
i am doing well, how are you?
i am good, just singing in a choir. you?
wow, that is cool. i am 17 years old and i am going to the university next year
i am a farmer and i love watching scary films
i go shopping for clothes and drives a volkswagen.
she does, she is a big mom and a teacher
i guess so. do you like fashion? i am 17.
that sounds like a good idea. i love watching scary movies.
i would have to say horror. i love scary movies.
what is your name?
are you afraid of scary movies?
i have been studying hard for that one
i am not sure what that means, i am 17 years old.
wow that is impressive you must be very talented
you will, thanks!
i don't play poker. i have no interest in games.
that is great. i am pretty stressed out so i play.
i am so stressed out i could use some time to draw.
no, i don't. i run to relieve stress.
cool. i am learning how to draw. what are your hobbies?
i love to draw. i am a huge ed sheeran fan.
awesome. i am not good at drawing. i just read a lot.
i like reading books. i am taking college.
do you have a favorite artist? mine is huysman.
they are my favorite. they have shell shells.
i like different kinds of food.
i have a couple of different kinds. i love lobster, especially the crabmeat.
i love lobster. i like eating it with my friends.
i don't drink much. i prefer to play poker.
i really like tea.
hi there, i am doing great. just finished a science fiction book. you?
what kind of author? i am a stockbroker.
i am not much into science fiction. i like sci fi
i like to go on adventures. i am the butt of a lot of fun.
that sounds interesting. i bet you have a stock brokerage company.
i like stocks, but i am in an online market now.
i would rather have stocks that are safe.
i can make you a stock if you like. i can buy you some eggplant parmig
i don't know why. but you should get the stock ticker on
i am enjoying my weekend. i don't like to go out much.
that sounds fun. i bet that is a lot of fun.
i am a stock broker! i play in a metal band!
i have a band called my metal band. we play bass and guitar all the time.
that is why i am always so hot. i am a stockbroker.
oh, my parents died. i don't think they would want me playing drums.
i am good! how are you?
i am good, i just got back from college.
i am doing well, i just got done knitting my hat
i am a college student so i am not much into cars though
it was a car crash, i just got back from cooking.
oh i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for work?
i listen to music while i play sports
i listen to country music for my babies and i love to cook
i like rap music a lot, you?
i am not much of a music person. i enjoy listening to it while i am cooking.
i don't have any other hobbies, but i love to play sports
i like to knit hats for babies at the hospital.
that is nice i am studying to be a doctor
i love to jog and go to the park
hi, i am good, just got done eating muffins. how about you?
i am fine. just got home from school. how are you?
nice. i am just hanging out with my dog pedro.
that is a lot of work. i love to cook, so it makes me happy.
they are. what do you do for a living?
do you have a family?
well i have been watching movies and i like reviews
what kind of film? i just started to plan my life.
i want to do car work as well
that is good. what do you do for a living
i don't i have a very busy schedule
i like to cook and cook and make homemade meals
that sounds very relaxing. do you have a great life?
it is... i am happy i have had my family growing up.
i like it as well. i am glad i am not a lawyer
i am doing good. just drinking some iced tea. you?
cool! do you like iced tea?
i got a pepsi too, it is good!
that sounds good i don't want to do that
yes, i am working on a new computer design app
i am 34. my birthday is tomorrow
i am a programmer
nice i work as a real estate agent for the past 12 years
nice! i have a property in canada.
yes i do that is what i am good at
yes, i like to do that. what do you do?
i like to build things
that sounds fun. i like fishing.
just got married. how about you?
oh, that sounds like a lot of work. i am cooking dinner and enjoying the day
i am good, thanks. i just got married.
what else do you like to do?
i like to play board games
i like to go to the mountains. do you?
i have a pet cat named arizona. she is my fave
i love cats, they are my favorite pets
cool! what do you do for a living?
that is cool. i am going to have to go out of work
i love animals. do you have any pets?
do you like music? i like country music
i love music when i play board games
i like all kinds. what about you?
what kind of music do you like
i am well how are you today
that is nice. i like to be nice.
yes, i am in a creative firm, and i am almost a millionaire.
i use the trash to clean up cages. you?
that is cool. i am a waitress.
yes, i clean out cages at the lab.
oh i work part time at a restaurant
yes i do i work at the lab
what do you do for work?
i will bake you pizza
the classic chicken. i love it.
oh, that sounds very good
i am so nervous i would run out of it.
what is it like
i have six of my sisters. we all have the same thing.
i am great, just working at the factory. you?
i am doing well thank you
nice! what kind of tv show do you like?
that sounds fun! i am also horse rider.
i love singer, i also love listening to purple.
taylor swift, she is the best.
i like purple too, but my favorite color is purple too!
nice! i love purple too! i live in a city, so i am not much of a
i don't live near water, i would not know.
well, you should not be.
i have to go out on horseback to the horse barn for water.
i have a couple of horses.
wow, that is a cute name. i am afraid of cats.
what else do you like
i like to watch sports.
i am ok. just hanging out. i am broke.
i am tired from working at the same place for years
you should get out of the way. i just dropped out of school
i understand. i work at a pizza place, so i am not allowed to see my dad.
oh i see, i hate them too
well, i have been living in a farm for years.
do you have any pets
that was a horrible thing to do, but my dad is my dad.
that sucks, i need to get out of my apartment soon
i hate onions. they are my favorite.
so did my mother. she passed away.
i have been in the gym for years. i am a huge athlete.
i ran 3 miles today
i hate working at home.
i don't eat much, i am a runner.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing well just finished my dinner
i am going to go out with my friends next week.
that is nice, i have been planning a wedding
they were at a park in the park
well, i had a great wedding in hollywood, i am married and have kids
i am planning to go to hawaii on my last trip.
i love it, but it is a bit of a slow burn.
yeah it is, i am an omnivore so i have to be.
i am a teacher, i teach kindergarten to kids
that is a good way to put it, i will have to see what i can get on the
well that is a good way to keep your company
i use to have a cable but my cable is so weak
cool i am a teacher at a kindergarten
i hope you have the best of luck with your competition
i am good and you?
i am great, i eat healthy. i am a kindergarten teacher.
that is awesome. i am actually a little overweight.
do you ever go swimming? i swim a lot.
that sounds great! i am trying to get my tea habit started.
i am a fitness fanatic, but i work out a lot.
i am a web designer, but i also design websites.
i work in a fitness center.
oh, that is cool. i also go to the beach a lot.
wow. that is pretty cool. i am a teacher so i don't have a lot of time
my family from canada, i have been there for several years now.
i live in canada. i don't have a truck.
it is. i don't know how i feel about that.
what do you do for a living?
in canada. i am in canada.
i am good. i am looking for a new job.
i am doing well. i am just getting ready to go to work.
that is cool. i love to garden. my favorite color is purple.
oh, i understand. i am more comfortable with animals than humans.
yes! i am in the ohio state, which is where i grew up.
that is so mean to her. i hate it.
i like to watch the ohio state buckeyes
i like simple plan. it is my favorite band.
i do, but my favorite is simple plan.
i am a little too organized for that. i don't have a lot of free time.
yes. my family is a bunch of employees.
i am sorry to hear that. i don't have a big family.
that is so nice.
i am not drinking. i am a teacher.
what do you do for fun? i go to the carnival.
i teach kindergarten. i have 2 roommates, and i can barely afford to pay them
that is wonderful. i am terrified of dogs.
i am also a kindergarten teacher. i have two roommates.
i did not, but i did go to college in boston.
i live in seattle with my two roommates.
the comics and the comic books
my roommates live in seattle with me.
i am a sucker for scotch
i would love to. but i am too lazy to do anything with my money.
i could, i am afraid of dogs
i am scared of getting fired.
what do you do for a living?
i am not sure. i might try to get out of seattle.
hi! i am a huge music fan! i am a 22 year old girl.
i love to write graphic design.
yes, i do, i love traveling.
i love chatting with friends too, i am a graphic designer.
yes, i am married. i hope you get along with her.
that is great, but i love my husband
that is cool! i like books and i love rap music.
i like graphic design, especially in my spare time.
i like to play sports and hang out with friends. do you have any hobbies?
i love reading. i am a graphic designer.
yeah, i just graduated from college.
what team do you play for?
i am in college. i am studying to become a teacher.
i am great! just listening to music. you?
cool! what do you do for a living?
i am a engineer.
cool! i am a naval officer in south korea.
i am an engineer. do you like the water?
i like bacon too. i am a very violent person
it is. i am an engineer
i am a soldier. i am stationed in south korea.
i am a engineer. i love working in the trenches.
i am in south korea, i was born in puerto rico.
wow! what is your favorite place to eat bacon?
i am a huge fan of mexican food.
i love bacon. it is my favorite.
i am a single mother.
i am 24 and just started my birthday.
i am doing well. i just finished my second year of college.
good day. i was just out at the bar.
oh cool, i have a job as a kindergarten teacher so i get a lot of stress
i am a teacher. i don't have time for that.
it is true. i hope they understand it.
i understand. i wish i could teach them.
i am still in college, but i am in school.
that sounds like fun. i love it.
yes it is! what are your passions?
i am a vet and i have a hard time paying the bills.
that is good, i just have one cat, but i don't have one
no, i am a retired soldier. i don't have time for pets.
that s a good job, i am a police officer
i have a cat.
i am allergic to cats. i don't have any pets.
hi there, it is going good. how are you?
its going well. just finished playing bluegrass music. i am a pro skater.
that is cool. i am a stock broker, i have been skating for years.
i love bluegrass music, do you have any?
i have a brother and a sister named charlie. i also have a dog.
cool, i have a dog named charlie.
my brothers and sisters have a big dog. i have a bbq named charlie.
i don't like chips, it would be hard for me to play.
he is not a fan of chips.
yeah, i don't like chips, i like chips too
no i love eggs and veggies. i like to eat them.
that sounds like fun. i bet you will have a good time
i have never tried it. what is your favorite food?
hello, i am well. how are you?
i am good. just finished reading my favorite book. what are you up to?
what book do you read? i love italian food.
i have a lot of books about my kids. i am married with a kid.
i do, i enjoy reading my favorite book, z
it is good i like to cook and read too
i love to cook. i have heard italian food is my favorite.
i don't cook much. i have a lot of kids.
yes. i am in school now. what do you do for a living?
nice. i teach my kids to cook.
i teach at a local elementary school. what about you?
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
yeah, i would love to try that. i also love to read.
hello! i like to play soccer with my old friends and family.
i love watching sports and watching sports on tv.
i am not a fan of sports, but i love ot play.
oh, i understand, i am a jock, i like oldies too, but they make
i play tennis, but not as much as i like to play tennis.
i play bass in a band. i graduated with a degree in music.
you should! i am retired now. what do you do for fun?
i have two. i love my family.
cool! i have a trombone. do you like it?
i don't know how to dance, but i am very good at it.
you are welcome, my fiancee and i would love to play a barbeque.
i am in college, married. love it.
oh, i am sure she is! are you married?
i am impressed, tell me about yourself!
what do you like to do?
hi i am sara. are you married?
my wife is a famous hollister architect.
i am a professional skater. i skateboard every morning.
i don't think i could have a best friend. we are close.
since i was in high school... i was always going to see bluegrass concerts.
we have a lot in common. we both love to build things with hands.
i don't. i have been eating chips all day. i love it!
i like going to the raffle house, i have a raffle house.
i am playing a blues and rock show. do you play any instruments?
i play with my hands.
bluegrass is my favorite. i like to play it with my hands.
i am. i am not very creative. i like building things with my hands.
i don't. do you have fun?
you sound like a cool guy. do you have a hobby?
i do. i work with skaters. do you?
i am doing great thanks and you?
i am doing well. just got off my horse.
wow that is awesome. i like to listen to my favorite singer tim mcgraw.
i love country music, what is your favorite song
i am just doing my best to stay focused. i run my blog.
that is so cool. i am excited to retire soon.
thank you. i am color blind and live with my little sister.
i guess so. i love color but i am too afraid to talk to others.
yes, i am. i live with my little sister
that is not good. i am sorry.
i was just a little deaf
that is so mean. i bet she is pretty mean
sorry to hear that, i am sorry
my little sister is deaf
well i would love to meet her someday
i love pumpkin spice! i love to eat it too.
what is your favorite pumpkin spice meal?
i love pumpkin spice! i also like baking sweets
i love candy, i just love it when i get new friends
cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bora, i am from bora. they live in bora.
i live in florida. i have a huge sweet tooth and i like to go dancing
cool! i enjoy hanging out with my friends. i also like to meet new people.
i love clubs, but i like to go to the club to take and post selkies
i also photograph people.
i am sure you will. i do like to take pictures.
well, you should send some pics of me.
you are a nice person.
he is my turtle. he is my best friend.
i am a comedian, that is funny.
great, just got home from a box hunt. how are you?
awesome i have never seen any bugs
yes i do, but i hate bugs
i love to run. do you have any kids?
no i don't but i love bacon
i don't have any kids. they are all hungry.
do you have a favorite food?
i like blue the most
i don't. what is your favorite color?
yes i love bug green
do you cook bacon?
i like to read mysteries
i love reading, what about you?
yes i love mysteries, they are my favorite.
i love mysteries. i am a french speaking teacher.
hi there, i am doing good, just got back from a bodybuilding session.
that is cool do you have a lot of followers
it is nice to be around people
i sneeze and sneeze all the time
yeah i am retired so i am retired too
i was born in north dakota but moved to the states
that is interesting do you have any family
i love europe. what about you?
that sounds like fun i guess
i went to a concert last year
i went to london a few years ago
do you like pizza?
i have never had pizza but i love meat
i am not a huge meat eater so i have eaten lots of healthy foods
yes, i am currently a doctor
i am good! how are you?
i am good what do you do for a living
oh wow. i love biographies. do you?
i have not read about him i am a 20 year old male
do you read biographies too?
oh, i have never read a book. i am a 23 year old male
my brother plays games and i love board games.
do you like it
i do. i love playing with my cat arizona.
i love cats, i have 2 dogs and 3 cats
i have a dog named arizona. she is about the size of my cat.
i have a dog and a cat.
what do you do for a living?
i play on my computer
that sounds fun. what do you do for fun?
that is cool, i spend most of my time online, but i love to play with my friends
i like shopping and i love to go shopping with my sister.
oh i bet it is a gift
i am going to be shopping for clothes for my next job.
i love shoes, i get them from the mall
i got my first full time job as a nurse
wow!! i am a little older than you.
i am 24, how about you?
i am twenty eight, what about you?
oh wow. are you still in school?
yes, i have a son
wow that is great. i am in my first full time job as a nurse
that is good. do you have any hobbies?
i like classical music. i am a classical music lover.
i love classical music too!
i like to cook homemade meals
me too! i love eating bacon.
i had a whole bunch of bacon.
that sounds good. i have never made a salad. i am an engineer.
i do. i enjoy making food, but it is a little hard to make myself.
how do you like to work?
i can imagine. what do you do for work?
i am an engineer, but i speak english.
i have heard that. do you speak any other languages?
english. but it is not easy. i speak no other language.
what do you do for a living?
sure, i am a big fan of exercise. i also write diet cookbooks.
yes. i am trying to become more active.
yes i am, i own a business. i am a manager
nice. where do you work?
it is very rewarding, i write diet books
that is awesome i love movies and tv shows
i am not sure if i will ever do that
what is that like? i usually don't rush it
do you have a cat or dog?
i love dogs too. they are my favorite hobby.
they are named after my dieting business
i have a golden retriever, ginger
that is a cool name i like to exercise for hours
i have kids and i don't have any
that is pretty cool what else do you like to do
hi there! i am fine thanks for asking. how are you?
i am doing good. watching soccer and watching sports on tv.
what do you do for fun? i play soccer for my team
my favorite team is the team called the hams. they are the best in the country.
i am not sure. soccer is my favorite sport.
i have a long relationship. i love it. i am married
no, i am not married. my parents were firefighter. my mom is still alive.
thank you! i am sad i don't like soccer.
i am glad to hear that. my ex wife is divorced too, he loves to be with me
i understand. i am sorry to hear that. do you like me?
i don't think so! i am always thinking about the future!
do you have any hobbies? sports?
what sport? i like to go to the beach and watch nature.
i live in cali. tell me more about yourself!
i am in cali, praying for you.
good, just got off work. you?
that is great. i am a stock broker
that is nice. i like to garden.
cool, my brothers and sisters like the color purple.
i have a dog named charlie. he loves to go out and play with my garden.
nice. my family lives in australia, so i don't have time for pets.
i am in school. do you have any hobbies?
i am in california, but my brothers and sisters live there.
in florida. my favorite place is in florida.
i am in texas too.
that is great. i drove to there last week.
i am in florida right now. do you have any friends?
i love the water, but i have to go to the beach a lot.
i love the weather here. the weather is pretty good.
what color is your favorite color?
hi brianna. i am doing well. how are you?
i am not sure. i am sure you don't have a clue.
i watch it a lot. i spend a lot of time online.
i am not sure what that is
its a zoo. i have never played it.
i am a pediatrician. i am a grad student
oh. i am a kid myself. i am 22.
no i don't care for kids
oh wow. that is cool.
yeah i have two kids and don't want kids, i am married
i am a 19 year old male in england, so i am not much of a kid.
wow that is crazy, i have a little sister too
do you have any hobbies?
i like to read and listen to jazz
wow that is awesome. i am in love with my furry friend.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am doing well. just got off work.
oh, i see, that is great. i just sat at church.
my parents in puerto rico are great, i have never been there
i am from california, i am moving to new york city next year.
i am in south korea
i am from california, how about you?
where are you from now
i will move to new york city next year, i want to go
i like it and i am always on the move
i am not. i am more into karaoke.
i can not wait to drink
i have no idea what that is.
i like to dance to them
i don't have a preference. i prefer to surf and skate
hi! i am 40. do you have any kids?
i am male. i am an arkansas girl. how about you?
yes, i am a woman. do you work?
cool. i don't have a friend.
are you still in school?
i am. do you have tattoos? i love tattoos.
that is cool. i have been doing this for 40 years
i have no idea. it is a banger
what is it? my kid is a nurse
i am just walking back from the walk
i am married and i have kids.
no. i have been single since i was a baby
oh that is nice. do you have any kids?
i have tattoos of my own
yes, i am a role model and you can be her role model.
i make barbecue and i lift weights. you?
i enjoy going to the gym and riding horses.
i am tall and i am really tall, so i cant lift a lot.
do you like horses? i love riding them.
wow! i was a very tall girl, but i am really good at lifting.
it is. i am so sorry to hear that.
i lift weights, do you have a job?
i am also a cyclist, so i ride a bike too.
you should try lifting weights, i am always working
i keep my hair straight, i like it when i have a shave
oh that sounds like fun. what else do you like to do?
i wish they did, i bet you would save a lot.
that is nice. i work as a warehouse owner
that is a great idea. i cut my nose while riding horses
i have a long beard, and i want to shave it back.
i am tired from reading.
what is your passport?
well that is good i am not sure i have a family
i have two girls
i am sorry, i just got married. my wife and i are two.
do you like roller coasters? i love them
you must have been a busy person
i like to go with my friends
i like to run and read. what do you like to do for fun? i like vintage cars
that is cool. i teach tae kwan do
do you like jazz music? i like jazz
i like jazz but i don't have a favorite
i like him a lot. he is a great guy
yes, he is, i think he would love it
yeah, he is, he is fine
hi i am doing well. just got back from studying law. you?
what grade are you in?
i am in college but i have a law degree
that is cool i just finished a full time job as a nurse
i have a few years left in college
i am a nurse. what do you do for a living?
i have no siblings i have two
i have one. i just met a girl
i have two brothers and a sister
i wish i had one. i am going to be a nurse.
that is great! i have two more years to go. what do you do?
are you in a relationship?
no i don't want to be a lawyer lol
oh ok. i am not very busy.
what do you do for fun?
i am great thanks. how are you?
i am good. i am just doing some modeling.
i am an avid runner and have never tried mcdonalds.
i love to design things. i am really into fashion.
i am very passionate about running.
i am in love with my best friend, she took my boyfriend in high school
yes i am a housewife
do you have kids?
what kind of place do you live in
my boyfriend left after i was arrested
do you ever steal people?
no they were gone when i was growing up
i understand that i did not like it
i hope you are well
i work in fast food, i eat my ketchup
i am good, how are you?
i am good. just finished a novel.
oh that is great! i am thankful for that!
i am from the usa and you?
i am from california. i go to church every sunday.
do you like different food?
yes it is very tasty. i love italian food.
i like to eat new foods. i am not a big fan of new foods though.
yeah i don't work i don't have much time for it
i am a teacher and enjoy the outdoors
the city, its my favorite city, i like going to church every sunday.
that is awesome! i like to eat weird things
that is interesting do you have any weird ones
i have been having a hard time getting out of my wheelchair.
i love to travel. i have traveled to six countries, so i have lots of time to do
that is cool i love to knit hats for babies
that sounds fun. i am a biology major so i don't have time for knitting.
i like to cook in the hospital
i love cooking, i am a biology teacher.
wow that is interesting i am a vegan and i love hummus
i am also a vegan so i would love to learn.
that is awesome i love to cook
it is the best for you. i am a vegan too.
i am sad to end a life.
i am a vegan myself. i love meat so much
i am not sure i would eat meat
i am 40 years old and have kids. we cannot still be together.
that is terrible! i am so busy with my kids.
do you think that is why you guys are so lonely?
i have no friends. i just work. i am a carpenter.
i don't like poker, i don't like it much.
i used to be good at it. i was a carpenter.
i work in a construction company.
i have been with my wife for 5 years.
you sound like a good guy.
it is very stressful. do you have a job?
i am not a fan of being still, so i don't like to be creative.
no, i am not allowed to be creative.
i am not allowed to be creative, i just don't have time for it.
i hear you. are you familiar with the rumor that you are?
what do you do for a living?
i don't really have a favorite
i am a factory worker so i don't have much time for that
i like being home with my best friend. i live in california.
i live in miami, near texas. where are you from?
i live in california, and i live with my best friend.
i am afraid of water too!
it is pretty cool, it is not too bad.
i love to garden in the garden
that is boring, what else do you do for fun?
i wish i could work at a factory, i could get a job as well
that is too boring for me to do it.
oh, i used to dye my hair purple, but it is now purple
yeah that is cool, i like purple too
blue is pretty cool. i like purple too, but purple is not my favorite color
i am not a big fan of water either.
i am good and you?
that is too bad, i am really excited for this weekend.
that sounds fun. i have read a lot of drama books.
yes, i don't know, i have not even been to the states.
i play a lot of games on the weekends. i am usually practicing my vocal skills.
i am a huge fan of plants and animals
that is great! i also love to read drama novels
i teach biology in my class, that is my hobby
well, i am a bit of a drama person, i read books
i am a college student, i teach biology. what do you do?
i work on the weekends, i am in california now
i love cali, i have traveled there a lot
that is awesome do you play any games
no, i am a biology teacher
okay, i will be there for you
i am good, tell me about yourself.
i am great! i just finished my nursing degree
i am a manager at a clothing store. what about you?
that is cool. i am a registered nurse in ny.
it is very rewarding! i also like to collect weird stickers
i love shopping and shopping with my sister and my sister.
i like to collect weird stickers, what about you?
cool! do you have siblings?
that is cool, i also like to read
i love poetry, i would like to be a poet.
it is, but it is really good! i love it
i love shopping, especially for clothes!
i love cooking! especially when i am hiking
i wish i was not in nursing, i am busy!
my parents don't like me at all, but i love hiking
hi, i am a registered nurse.
oh, i am homeschooled. i don't like robots. i am homeschooled too
yes, i am a registered nurse.
what do you do for work?
i love shopping for clothes. what is your favorite brand?
i do. i love my new robot friend. do you have any hobbies?
i am single, but i don't have the time for it.
cool! i love blue hair! i love my hair!
its my hair, its my birth color.
i don't have any. i just don't have time for that.
i have a sister. she is a nurse. she does dye her hair blonde.
it is black. she will find the right color.
haha. i am a bit of a joke. i don't know.
what color is your hair?
i would be a bit of a pig. what else do you do?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am enjoying my iced tea. i am a tea lover.
i love iced tea, especially iced wine. i love iced fruit.
i don't like meat, but i do like eggs.
i am a vegetarian. i also like eggplant parmigiana.
i love dogs. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. do you have any pets? my dogs name is charlie.
yeah i will see you there. i love the beach.
i am thinking of going to have a brunch here.
i am sure it will be fun. do you have any pets?
he is a boxer. he is cute.
i don't know much about dogs, but i love iced tea.
he is a nice dog. i think i will be able to go to australia with him
they are. are you from canada?
i am in australia, but i don't have a bank account yet.
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
i am doing well. what about you?
cool. i am a teacher myself.
i teach kindergarten.
that is awesome! i have not even finished high school yet.
so what do you do for work?
i work as a park ranger.
that is cool. i have a cat named joseph.
i have a dog. i don't have a cat
wow. i live in seattle. do you have a job?
i am from cali but i don't have a car
i am from california, i am a teacher in seattle.
oh i am sorry. it does not rain often, but it is not bad
i have to go play some volleyball with my two roommates.
it is, but i like to eat crackers everyday
sardines are good food for sure.
i hope so too! i am a good parent.
no i don't, i don't have a job, i am a chef
oh, what a coincidence. i have a twin sister, and two parents.
i have three. i am single. but i am happy.
that is cool. i have 2 sisters and 4 siblings, what about you?
i am sure that is nice. i cook for my family.
i make homemade meals, and make my own desserts!
i love cooking too, especially cooking desserts
that is nice. i am a tall person and weigh about 5 ft.
i am a bit short. i am 5ft 7.
i am in school, i am 5 ft.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i am in school for music
that is great. i am in school too. i love music.
i am currently studying for my degree
that sounds fun. i am in school, but i am a perfectionist.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am doing well. just got engaged to my husband
i am, my husband and i have been married for 4 years now.
how nice of you. i am engaged to be married.
yes, i am home schooling my kid
you are not so lucky
i am homeschooling my child
that is cool do you have fun
yes, it is. i am home from home with my kid
that is fun do you like it
it is and i have the right tools to make some things.
it is for sure. are you married?
i have just the one child, i am homeschooling
hi, i am doing great. how are you?
i am doing well thank you. just got home from the war.
sounds fun. i love hanging out with friends.
just sitting in the field
nice i am in college studying to be a teacher
i am in the army now
i just finished up on my college course
cool, i am in college.
i am 22 years old, i am a kid
i am 22 years old
how old are you? i am 22
i have been in the army for 20 years
what are you studying?
yeah i do but i am a violent person
yeah. i love to go hang out with friends.
i am well. i just finished teaching my kids
awesome. i am not sure i am going to watch the show. i am an actress.
i love to cook. i am a schoolteacher.
i am not too much of a cook. i have no idea what i want to order.
oh no. i am preparing some paper for the office
i am sure your kids would love it.
what do you do for work?
i have a hard time with it, i am an office worker.
that is great! i have a few kids and they love reading too
my parents bake and eat bread and wine.
i just don't have the time to do that
i bake bread everyday to relax.
i love to cook too
yes, i do. i have a baby daughter named cherri.
i am not really a big parent myself. i am 14
i have 2 children too. they are all in the hospital
that is awesome. i am only 14 so i have not even had the chance to go to school
that is cool. i love country music.
i am more of a rock and pop type of person.
oh that is cool. i like cooking too. i love cooking
that would be awesome, i want to be an actor
i will be! i am a vegan, so i will be able to make you famous
haha. i don't know, but i will be one.
i can tell you a secret about myself. i am a vegan
how cool! i am gonna be a secret for you!
oh wow. tell me more about yourself.
i am okay how are you
it is too old to retire soon.
i don't have many friends. i am a carpenter.
i ride horses, i like to ride them though. you?
i do, i bet they are very fun.
i like taking pictures with my face! do you like saloon?
i do, but i don't have one
i am sorry to hear that! do you have any family?
i have three kids, but i am the only one.
no, i am in new york, currently living in new york.
no, i have not. i am in texas.
oh wow. i bet australia is very expensive!
yes, i am married, and i have three kids.
i like the smell of fresh fresh mints.
it is, and i love the food.
hello, i am doing ok. just got done with my job at the friends wedding.
i am a wine salesman. i love to win wine.
i am not sure, i am busy with a friends wedding.
cool, i work as a skater.
that is great. i also like to design graphic design
yes i like bluegrass music, do you?
no, i am a little too cool
i like watching movies and tv
i like meat i am vegetarian
i have a tail which is about the size of my butt
oh wow that is very nice i am going to be the wedding planner
i bet that must have been hard. my tail was removed, and i am sorry.
yes that is true, i am more of a graphic designer and you?
i love bluegrass music, what is your favorite color?
i love purple and i love the band rush
i am doing great. just got back from my daily reading session.
nice. i just got done grading some florist paintings.
i like exotic fish. i am going to take a look at a new aquarium today.
that is cool. i am going to hairdress school next week!
i am... i love to read and cook.... do you like books?
cool! i have two sons and a teacher, so i am a teacher
i love cooking. i love reading and cooking.
i like to cook eggs and bacon!
that is great! i hope my kids get a taste of that!
i like to collect vintage furniture and jewelry... i am into the sea.
i love my children. i have three, all of them!
i bet. are you happy with it?
i like to cook. i love to cook.
that sounds exciting... what do you do for fun?
do you like cars? i love to drive one.
i am doing well, just eating my cat, she is a stray!
that sounds fun. i am working on a video game.
oh, i am sure that is nice. do you have a favorite parent?
what kind of video games do you play?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am scared of the environment.
yes they are, i am in school now.
i love my family and i live in iraq.
that is awesome, you are a good citizen
that is very interesting. i think about the environment.
i don't know what to do with that
i think about the environment a lot.
i would love to see that happen
yes. i am considering getting a new car.
oh my gosh, i am a science fiction author. i am a graduate student.
i guess that is a good thing. i am a dog that does not have the power to draw
yes i own a house
i do, i just got a new one today
that sounds interesting. i am a science fiction author
i like fiction. what is your favorite genre?
i don't have any. i am a science fiction writer.
what is your favorite series?
the forest and the mountains. the forest is nice.
wow that is interesting. do you have a role in it?
a princess from a distant land
i don't know, what do you do for a living?
i am a college student living in my parents house
wow. what are your hobbies?
the paranormal and the alien world.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. are you married?
i am a female. i don't have a boyfriend.
i am 40, i have a kids.
i am 32. i work in an animal shelter as a kennel cleaner.
what age are you? i am 20.
no. married, i have a boyfriend and a dog.
why do you always forget? i like sitting down.
i do, but i have to get out of the way more.
that is awesome! do you build anything?
i like building things clean and neat.
i am just cleaning now. i am not a very clean person.
oh, what kind of things do you build?
i am a chef. i love making things.
that is too bad. i am the only person in my group that does not like that.
i am well. i teach kindergarten. how about you?
that is cool. i am a pretty young girl and i can only read a few.
awesome! i have two cats too, so i have one cat.
ok, do you drive a lot?
i am a teacher, so i don't have a car.
i am sorry about that
i don't eat. i am too hungry to even eat.
i love blue! i have a purple one.
i love the color green. i live in seattle. i travel around the country a lot.
i am from tennessee, and i am a world traveler.
nice! i am about to move back to seattle.
do you like the beach?
i like it. it is very cool. i drink coffee a lot.
that is great. i live in tennessee.
i am looking for a job in seattle, i don't have one yet.
hello, i am fine. just listening to some music. you?
i am doing good, shopping for clothes and going to see my sister
awesome! what is your favorite food?
i just saw some spiders tonight, so i was thinking about getting a spider.
my job at a company is a job. what do you do?
i am a nurse, but i would like to get a full time job.
i am a grad student. i love languages.
i do know some english.
i know russian. i hope to get to speak russian soon.
oh really? i don't know where i am going.
i would love to visit cuba too. its nice there.
i am. i am from the same place as you.
that is awesome. i love it here.
i would love to go snowboarding. i am going to go to see my sister.
i am from florida. i love snow.
i like it, but it is raining out here.
me too. i have two large dogs and have to eat them daily.
i have a brother that is bigger than me!
i have 2 brothers and 1 sister, how about you?
do you work? i am a manager at a big corporation.
i don't have a job, i have two dogs
i am a manager at a consulting company.
i grew up in california. where do you live?
i am still in the hot weather though, how about you?
i don't, i had surgery so i am glad to be able to go to california
that is cool. tell me about yourself?
thanks i hope so too. what is your favorite person?
i will see you soon. i am a medical consultant
good. i just finished a visit to zoos.
awesome! do you have any pets?
they are amazing. i am also a nurse
wow that is nice. what do you do for a living?
that is cool. i prefer green to blue
green is the best color! i am a secretary.
i love it! i also love visiting zoos, and you?
nice. i am a secretary at a hospital.
what do you do for a living?
it is but i also work in an office so i am not too stressed.
we keep them in a zoo for a few weeks
that is great. i work in a office as a secretary.
yes it can but it can be tough to get away
i have a good reputation and i want to be the next big thing
do you have any favorite teddy bears?
i am doing just fine. i am sewing and quilting.
i like to fish. i have an aquarium that i collect.
wow that is pretty cool! i have to keep trying to find something to sell.
no, they don't. what kind of aquarium do you own?
a little bit of both. i am a proud american and i am a proud cross stitch and
i am sure it is. my dad is a sweet tooth.
no, he served in the military. he was a vet
that is awesome. i work as a decorator.
that is a nice job.
i think it is very scary, but my two sons would love it
i am sure he will enjoy it too. i have a good sense of self.
thank you. i will go to school.
his army. we have many proud patriots in the air force
i am sure he appreciates you. what do you do for fun?
he is proud of you too.
hi there, i am lucy. i was on the soccer team in college
i am afraid of water, so i am going to water soon.
yes i was on the soccer team in college, but i did not swim
that is cool, i have a lot of purple, i love that color.
i like orange. i love oranges.
i like oranges too, i grow them in the fall.
wow, that is awesome i love it
i like to dance, i love to go dancing.
what is your favorite color?
yes! i have a purple outfit, purple is my favorite color.
cool! what kind of music did you attend?
i am not sure. i have not done that yet. i was in college.
i like you.
i have been dating for about 5 years. have you had a boyfriend or girlfriend?
well i guess that is why i am in the office now
i am good how are you?
i am doing great! how are you?
what do you do for a living?
i am a real estate agent for a living.
i am a kindergarten teacher. i love it.
that is great. i have two kids.
wow, that is impressive!
they are. i have a son.
i am eight years old.
wow, you are quite young!
they are good! do you have any hobbies?
i watch reality shows. i work as a real estate agent.
i like to hike and swim in the ocean. you?
i do, but i drive a convertible mustang. you?
nice, i like softball too.
that is so fun. i love being active and swimming every day.
i am a big guy and i love italian food
i don't have kids, but i am too large for that.
no kids. i am a teacher and i need to learn more
cool. i also teach kindergarten.
oh wow! you are quite the social butterfly.
it is a huge boat, but it is very fun. i can not wait for the boat to
i love swimming. i have never been to the ocean, but i have a passion for softball
i am glad you are moving. i am busy with my hobbies, so i have plenty of time
do you have any pets?
i have a wife and a son.
i am doing great. just watching some sports. you?
i am doing well. are you a team player?
i like the nfl. i like the new ones.
i do, i am in college
that is great! i am married.
i am. i am going to go to california next year.
okay. i am married. i am gonna get married soon.
awesome. you will love it.
i graduated college in high school.
what do you want to study?
i was in college. i had a good job.
do you like to surf? i love it!
do you like sports?
i like to surf and skate but i am not very good
i am not sure if i will miss it. i am sure my ex will miss it.
i am doing well, how about you?
i am doing well. what about you?
i work at a small business.
nice i just finished my nails
i do but i skate to stay in shape
that is great i love riding horses
i am a pro skater, i am a history teacher.
i ride horses and run them
i am a surfer myself, i love riding horses
yeah i love carrots
that is cool, i am going to california next year.
no i don't work
i do. i really like to surf and skate.
oh you must be very active
i do, but i eat a lot of food.
its going well, thank you for asking
that is nice, i think i will just say thank you
wow, i love crafts, i also collect vintage 50s decorations.
i am an american baby boomer and my mom is a grandmother
my husband and i have a lot of vintage 50s decorations.
that is cool, reminds me of my parents, i am proud to be american
i am a big fan of healthy eating. i eat a lot of granola, and i am
i have a lot of bread and crackers, mostly pizza and chips
oh i see, that sounds delicious. i am trying to eat a lot of fish.
i do, and fish is my favorite.
that is awesome! what else do you enjoy?
that is cool. do you have a favorite fish?
its just my favorite. i eat granola for breakfast every day.
i like the folk songs
the beatles are my favorite band!
do you like reading? i am a big fan of it.
i love to paint.
i like to do my own thing. what are your hobbies?
i am a musician, what do you do for work
just exercise for a bit more, that is all
i see, you are a police officer, i have a brother and a sister too
i love to eat healthy and exercise for a while, but i love to exercise too
i am a vegan too, i like to exercise though
yes, i have a lot of cats and dogs
i love animals, i like them too
yes, i am going to get out of here soon
you should go outside, you can go for walks
i love dogs and cats. do you have any pets?
hello! i am doing great! how are you?
i am playing the guitar
oh, i am in a band called arizona.
that is very admirable, i love that
i have never done it but i have some hobbies
i spend a lot of time with my two brothers
i bet you have a lot of brothers.
no pets but i do love to play with my dogs
i have a cat, a siamese. she is my only friend.
i am a batista, and i am quite the master of the house
i also make my own cleaning supplies.
yeah but i am sure it will take a while
oh ok, what do you do for a living?
i work at a coffee shop in chicago
cool. i have a siamese cat. i am retired.
i am well, enjoying my evening with my sea creatures.
what kind of music do you like?
i love to explore with my friends. i am in the water.
i like to design graphic design
girly and mexican. i have a lot of friends that i am trying to get
well that is awesome! i work in sales so i am not that good
my tail is a long wavy hair and i love it.
that is cool, i fish and eat all kinds of fish
i am a fish person. i have long wavy hair and a lot of friends.
oh wow! my hobby is graphic design.
maybe i will come see you!
i am hungry for dinner.
i enjoy playing with my sea creatures! you?
what games do you like to play?
i like to play with my sea creatures. you?
i am a nurse. and i love shopping. i need more money for my first full time job
i play guitar, but i am not good at it.
i live in florida, i am from there too.
how sad. i live in chicago with my two brothers. we live with our parents.
i am in chicago? i have been there, i love shopping!
it is great. we are all close. what about you?
nice, i am going to visit my parents in chicago
i don't like it either. i would rather be in windy cities.
i know that sounds fun, but i am still young
they are just 5 and 6.
that is cool. i am still single, i am not sure if i could afford to pay the
how old are they?
i am in my late 20s
i am 40 and i am in my early 40s.
yeah my birthday is next month
i am good how about yourself?
i am good, just getting ready to move to new york city.
that is great! i am a hair stylist. what do you do?
that is awesome. i love that job. what do you do?
i love watching football. christmas is my favorite holiday.
i like to go to new york city, i am moving soon!
that sounds nice. i love watching football on sundays!
that is great. i am a model for a lot of sports.
i will love it. i don't like cheeseburgers. i love cheese pizza.
i am not a fan of pizza. i am a pretty sweet person.
i have to keep my dogs away from the snow. they are so adorable.
no pets. i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry. what kind of music do you
i am sorry to hear that. do you like music?
yes! it is very hard to find a home for them.
i guess that is true. what else do you like to do?
hi, i am a college graduate. what do you do?
i just finished cooking dinner with my garden.
nice. i like to go to the gym.
i love to work out but i love john denver
yes i do. i play soccer a lot and watch tv
i love horses they are my favorite
horses are great for the mind, not so much for the body
i worked out every day.
yes i do i am a soccer player
i play soccer with my friends when i am not cooking
yes i can try, do you ever watch the ropes?
you can ride my horse to the park and you will not regret it
that is good, that is what i meant to say
i love working out on my garden with my garden.
that sounds like a lot of fun
i am doing good. i have been to six countries. you?
i am glad to hear that. i enjoy it a lot.
i love it too. i travel a lot to get around.
that is awesome. i am a runner myself.
i like to garden. my garden is bigger than mine.
i am a musician. and i wrote a song for nirvana.
i have been eating too much lately. you?
i don't know. i don't have time to have time for kurt.
i am a writer for the magazines.
do you have to be flexible to do that?
i love pet smart, i have 6 dogs and 2 cats.
i love dogs. i am a musician, but i love them as well
i have two dogs and a pug. i am not sure what to say.
that is great! i am going to be a lawyer!
do you have a sister? i love my sister.
that is awesome. i have a sister who lives with me
i am a registered nurse. how about you?
what kind of patients do you have
yes, i have been in a terrible situation since i was a child.
so do you have siblings
my name is john and i love him.
i am going to the party
thank you! what do you enjoy doing?
thank you. i will try to tell you more about him
i am sure he loves it! i am sorry to hear that.
i would love that film
hi lucy, how are you?
oh wow, i am lucy, i am on the soccer team!
hope you get a good job!
my office secretary got fired last year. he was on the soccer team.
haha, i am not a secretary, i am not able to work either
yes! i graduated last year and am a secretary
i like to sleep and cook for the hospital
i work in an office as a secretary, so i don't have any real time for exercise
no i am not very good at it
i hear you, i just like music.
i love to sing, i love listening to country music
oh that is funny. you could just as well hear me
i am a gardener and love to garden
i am doing very well. how about yourself?
i am good, just finished my two years teaching kindergarten. how about you?
i am a kindergarten teacher. what do you teach?
i am, but i am a kindergarten teacher. i am not getting paid, i have to pay
nice. i work as a dr. so i have a lot of time to myself.
that is good. i am not really able to afford to go to school
i am sad to hear that, i am happy with my job.
i am sorry. i have a cat.
my cats are so small, i don't have any.
i love to take my spare time to school.
i like to cook and exercise. what about you?
i am very fit, so i can exercise with a little exercise
i like to exercise. what do you do in your spare time?
i love to hike and garden. what about you?
that is nice. i also love to spend time with my cats.
i love the beach, my dad is a dealership, i just got done with my nails
i just finished my manicure, i like purple.
i am sorry to hear that. my name is jim
my name is nancy. what is your cats name?
i love horses, they are my favorite animal.
i don't think i would have a horse. my water is so watery.
oh no, i don't like the water at all
i can swim but water is not my thing
yes i love it, i don't eat much
you are dieting too? i am diabetic so i cannot even swim.
that would be a good idea. i am still on a diet now.
do you eat vegetables?
i love food from a garden too, i have a favorite
i like the purple ones. what about you?
i don't eat veggies and fruit, i just love the beach.
i am fine, i am trying to bum my leg, it hurts a lot.
oh, sorry to hear that. i am a college soccer player, so i am on the team
i like horses! i have one too.
i don't, i don't have pets, but i do like candy
i am sorry, i have a horrible back. it is not good.
i am a soccer player, so i am used to it.
i graduated from college, how about you?
i like sports. i was a soccer player and i love candy
i love horseback riding. do you have any hobbies?
what kind of horse do you ride?
i am really sorry. i am afraid to go horseback riding because i am afraid of the pain
oh, sorry to hear that. i am so sorry
it is, i hope to retire soon and play soccer.
yes, and it was nice talking to you
yes, i was hoping to hear you.
i am great! how are you?
i am great, how are you?
i am a stockbroker. i restore classic cars.
i work as a model space ship builder.
that is awesome! what do you do for a living?
it is. i am a doctor. i do model space ships.
what else do you like?
it is ok. i am very shy. i like to build models.
that is great. i like to hunt. i also am a handyman.
i build model spaceships. it is my hobby.
i like to restore classic cars. you?
what kind of cars do you have?
i loved the case i restored
it is very important to me.
do you have any hobbies?
i am good how are you
i am a student studying biology.
that is great! what are you going to school for?
that is cool. i want to be a marine biologist
that is awesome. i am in trouble.
that is a shame. i am sorry.
i was in high school, but i got caught.
oh no! i am sorry. my parents were sent to the wrong place
no i am from the us. my parents were gone when i was growing up.
i am in california. where are you from?
i am sorry. do you have any kids?
why not? what do you do?
i want to make a fashion designer, but not right now.
i am a registered nurse at the pediatric hospital
i am a real estate agent. i sell real estate.
my favorite color is purple. i am a registered nurse at a pediatric hospital.
that is nice. i am the oldest child and have two children that are in their kindergarten.
my specialty is helping the needy. do you have any hobbies?
it has been a long time since i have been a realtor. what do you do?
i like duck and pizza. do you have a favorite?
i love chicken sausage pizza!
that is a good choice. i am a real estate agent.
yes! i have had a few.
i love orange peaking. my favorite is purple.
no. i have not tried it.
you like the tree hills? i do.
what is the name of the hospital? i am allergic to dogs.
i am. i am an unusual hairstylist.
i understand that. i am fluent in english
that is sad. my wife left when i was a kid.
i am in the army, i went into the army after high school.
i am a ninja. i have been fighting the insurgents.
i love karaoke bars, especially the ones where i sing karaoke.
do you have any hobbies?
i like to sing karok. i have never been.
i like collecting antique civil war antiques.
that is cool.
it does. i don't know why i do that.
yes i do love the sky.
green is the color of the sky.
i am not sure if i could see that. my mom was not in my life.
not too much. just got back from work.
oh nice. i am an accountant, i am not busy
i worked as a kennel cleaner
i am in ohio and just got home from the bank
i like animals, i am a kennel cleaner
that is cool. i am a soccer player too, that is what i do
that sounds fun. i love simple plan
yeah, i have to drive my honda civic to school
i don't like to listen to music
yeah, that is why i tell you i am a single mom of two boys
i like simple plan, but i am not really into music
that is awesome, what kind of music do you like
i like simple plan, you know
that is not true. i am just glad they are on.
you should come see my band
i am listening to music, i live in australia. i am selling stocks.
that sounds good! i am eating iced tea.
i am not a big drinker. i like to fish, but don't have a dog.
you should go to the park with him, he is a bit of a dog
oh my! my brothers and sisters have a lot in common.
i have two brothers and one sister. you?
that is great! do you like to travel? i am a stock broker.
yes i live with my parents and i do coding
cool i am a stock broker. i sell stock.
what do you listen to?
no, i am a stock broker. what kind of music do you like?
that is cool. do you like the language?
what do you do for fun?
i like to listen to music when i am not coding
i do, i am a stock broker. what about you?
not much. just got done working on my bodybuilding body.
cool. i am just relaxing after a long day playing board games.
wow! i have a big wedding coming up next week.
my brother just got married. he is a big brother.
i am a bodybuilder, but my job is a secretary.
oh ok. what do you do for work?
what do you do? i am a bodybuilder.
college. i got a job as a nurse.
i do. i am a bodybuilder. what do you do?
that is interesting. maybe we can go play some board games later.
probably to get a bodybuilding class.
i like board games. i also play with my brother.
you will have to play some. do you like to risk your life?
i am good. just got off work at work. you?
i am good. just got off work.
i am a model, so i am a model for a living.
i work in a program for troubled youth. i teach them softball.
oh, that is awesome. do you have kids?
i am from south carolina. where are you from?
i am in new york. it is pretty cool.
i am married. i am in texas. you?
i am from new york too, but i sing for a living. you?
i lived in ny for a while. where do you live now?
i sing a lot. do you have any hobbies?
i like to sing and also to play softball. you?
i love to sing. it is fun. i don't know how.
i like it. you are probably right. i think it is more fun to do it in a
do you have any siblings? i live with them, so it is hard to talk to them.
it is doing good. how are you?
just got back from playing with my dogs
that is so sweet of you. what kind of dogs do you have?
they are named after my hair, i teach at a school
i am. i am in ohio.... i work at a small office.
i am a hair stylist and i work for a beauty salon.
that is a nice job. i have a job as an accountant.
okay... i don't know... what do you do for fun?
cool. i like to hike in my free time.
sounds good. i like to eat pizza.
i have to go to the local pizzeria. i am a teacher.
i love pizza! so you have a favorite holiday?
that is a good pizza, and my son loves pizza!
you should order some pizza... it will make you happy.
yeah, dogs are more than enough! do you have any pets?
i am good. just got done working at mcdonalds.
what do you do for work?
i am a manager at mcdonalds.
what do you do for a living?
i work at mcdonalds.
what grade are you in?
i don't want to go to college. what do you do?
what do you study?
i would like to go to college.
do you know what you want to be a nurse?
i understand. what else do you like to do?
i am a writer, i am a science fiction author.
oh wow. i have been working at mcdonalds since i was a kid.
i am good. just got back from my favorite restaurant.
that sounds good. i am an attorney. i am scared of heights.
i am a stay at home mom. i am in the fast food industry.
it is. i am always afraid of heights
well that is nice. i don't have any pets
well i am an attorney and i am scared of heights
i live in a condo building in a town in the midwest
i am in oklahoma. you?
that is cool. do you run?
i don't run. i work as an attorney.
i don't have any. i am a runner and i like to run.
do you work? i am an attorney so i have to be.
i am scared of heights. do you have any favorite horror movies?
i am not afraid of heights. but i don't run anymore
you should look at the beauty in your own eyes.
i am well, just singing some folk songs. you?
oh no, i am just chilling in my own kitchen, reading plays, and exercising
that is cool! i make my own clothing.
i like to eat and exercise though.
i love to run. i am scared of the weather.
oh wow! that is awesome! i am really proud of my kids!
that is not good. i don't like animals.
i enjoy reading plays, especially when i am exercising.
no i don't. i like to sing folk songs
i would love to read it... you could read it... and you could also
no, but i do love to read. i also adopted a cat recently.
that is amazing. i sell books to promote my business.
that is cool. do you like to read?
i like horror movies. i also write diet cookbooks
i like horror too. i love folk songs.
just working on my fantasy books, i am busy with my job.
that sounds like a lot of work! i have been in counseling and i feel like i have a
that is the worst! i am a fantasy writer.
where do you work? i am a program manager at the youth center.
that is good... i am a big fantasy fan.
i have not. i am sorry.
i like the lord of the rings, he is my favorite.
no but i love italian food
what kind of music do you like?
i have not heard of that one.
maybe you could tell them to watch a fantasy movie. i am an author.
that is cool, i have a passion for softball.
i like to draw fantasy characters, do you?
i am doing good. just working on my fantasy series. what are you up to?
do you live near mountains? i am in texas.
that is cool. i love movies. i like fantasy books.
i am a vegan and i love animals
i have a dog and a goat.
awesome! i am a cat person. do you have any pets?
nice. do you have pets?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i love music.
i like the lord of the rings, i just want to write fantasy books
i like to watch barry manila. she is my favorite singer.
i am a huge fantasy fan.
yeah, i bet. i love the scenery.
i like fantasy books. i would like to write a fantasy book.
i have always wanted to see the movie. i would love to hear it.
i love the movies.
great, how are you?
i am fine. just praying. what do you do?
i am not familiar with that show. i work at mcdonalds, but it is dead.
i do. i am really into it. i have a part time job.
i have a part time job at mcdonalds, but i don't want to work there anymore
i wish i could, i don't have any kids. i don't want to work on fantasy
i am not sure what that is. i am looking for something different.
i would love to be a professional fantasy author.
it is hard to find a job that is still in the making.
i am sure that would be a relief. i would walk you.
they don't. my parents did not want me either.
i am sorry to hear that. my mom would not approve.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that, i am sorry to hear that.
do you have any hobbies?
i am good just got back from a long walk with my dog charlie.
i would love to see charlie. i am trying to get my best friend a tee shirt
cool. i live in australia, so i travel a lot.
i am from ny. i am from china. i am from brazil.
wow. i have always wanted to go. how long have you been there?
i love fashion. i want to be a fashion designer.
i am from australia, my parents are there.
that is great! i would love to be a doctor.
my brothers and sisters are in finance too. my brothers and sisters live in australia.
yes, my parents were always gone when i was growing up.
i see. do you like eggplant parmigiana?
we eat tacos, too.
i don't like mexican food. i am just a stockbroker.
i like tacos too. i will buy you one soon.
sounds delicious. do you eat anything fishy?
hey tg 14 year old?
i am searching for the missing tail.
why did you not find it? what do you do for a living?
i do, i am going to school at a middle school.
i am in skate class, my tail is so long it would be hard to get a sk
that is awesome, i am a skater. i want to be an actor
yes yes it is, but i am not sure if i can answer that.
i am a girl and a boy, so i am not sure, you?
i don't watch much tv, i like to watch sports
what is your favorite show? i love pink floyd, i hate cats.
i could go with you on that. i am a skater, i could do that.
i go to middle school and play the doritos
i am too busy working out for that, i just eat chips.
i want to be an actor, i don't eat chips
i don't like chips, i just don't like them
wow that is impressive. how long have you worked?
i am a batista. i have a lot of tattoos.
that is great. i am a meatloaf cook.
haha! i am a batista!!!!
i have a barbeque game i like playing
i would love to go out and play tennis.
my oldie does that too.
wow that is really cool. i play the guitar, but i am really into the batista.
my job is an administrative assistant, what do you do?
i don't think i have a tattoo yet, i am just a batista.
no. they don't. do you have tattoos in the area?
i am sorry to hear that. they are not the best.
i like to listen to oldies music when i am not working.
i am a kid, i love pink floyd and i love them
that is awesome! i don't know if i have ever been to a rock star.
i am a 14 year old girl who does not have any siblings.
cool! i am not married yet, but i have a part time job as a nurse.
well, i am shy! i hate cats! i am shy too
oh ok. what do you do for work?
what do you like to do for fun? i love to take my pet dogs to the park
no i don't. i love clothes. what about you?
i love cats. i am so excited to have a pet dog!
i love dogs too. do you like cats?
i sing, but i am not a good singer.
do you have a dance partner?
i am a little girl. i dance with my dogs when i am in middle school.
i am great! i am having my two kids this weekend.
that is awesome. i bet you have a lot of kids.
that is great. it is hard to keep a big family.
that is awesome. do you have kids?
i just got back from the event.
i got into laptop writing when i was younger.
i love that. i need to save money for my kids.
i see. what do you do for a living?
wow. i am only 34. how old are you?
i am 32. are you older?
that is young. i am still young.
yes i am. i have a daughter who is about to go into her fifth grade.
that is a passion of mine.
i love cooking and reading.
i love the best food.
hi! i am good. just eating some bacon.
i am doing great. just taking a break from studying biology.
what are you studying? i am in engineering.
that is cool. i am a biology major.
that is interesting. what are you studying?
i don't speak any other languages. i am not much of a scientist
i speak three languages. i am a scientist
i have not heard of that. i have a masters in biology.
i understand that. i don't speak much other than english.
i am pretty much a classical music buff. you?
i like classical music. i love bach.
i love classical music too, especially bach bach
i don't think so. i am currently a engineer.
hi, i am just a kindergarten teacher.
oh, i am saving up for a cat.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
that is unfortunate. what is your hobby?
oh, i love tattoos. i also share an apartment with two roommates.
i have 2 brothers in an apartment in chicago.
i live in seattle, but i drink a lot of beer.
i have been to arkansas once. i have a truck.
do you speak a lot of different languages?
i do, my family lives in chicago, so we don't have much of a accent.
i live in seattle with my roommates.
you must be smart. i am an accountant
my parents don't care. doctors are not doctors.
i want to become a batista. that would be awesome!
no, i just got my bf and i love beer.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing good just got my second son
that is a nice change of pace. i am on a break from work, i am a dog
no i have not but i do have a golden retriever.
awesome! i am a real estate agent.
i love movies and tv
the civil war antiques! i love civil war movies!
wow that is really cool. i love titanic ten!
i really like the titanic. i have never seen it.
do you have a car? i have a golden retriever.
i wish i could build my own car, i am a car stylist.
yeah i am married to my golden retriever ginger
no, but i am widowed. i don't have time for weddings.
i am sorry to hear that
it is ok. do you work?
i am great! just finished gardening my garden.
do you know any other animals that eat meat?
that sounds interesting, i love animals!
yes, i love to hike and camp
yes, i love the mountains! i love traveling!
do you like meat?
i don't eat meat. i don't like meat.
yes. i use to have a big stereo that i used to drive.
i love traveling. i have been to six countries.
no, i don't like to go camping. i only have a small stereo.
i like to travel, my boyfriend is also retired.
do you get sick?
i am sorry to hear that, i teach biology at a college.
that sounds like a good job. i am sure you enjoy it
i think it is a bit of a mystery, but i do love to travel
hey my name is jordan and i am a vet
i am a freshman at the university in august.
i am a veterinarian, i am a bit of a tech guy.
i am going to be a doctor. i am 16.
i want to be a doctor too. what do you do for work?
i drive a volkswagen. i am excited for the year.
awesome! i have a vw beetle, a beastly beast.
it is. i cannot drive it.
oh, i love shift. but it is a day off!
what kind of clothes do you like to wear?
i enjoy reading. i am a sucker for drama books.
i love to listen to music while driving a volkswagen.
not much, just a few books. i am on the weekends.
i play in a few other bands. i like to watch games.
i play guitar.
oh no. i am at home and no bugs here
i am good! just ate some bacon and bacon.
i don't like bugs. i have a dog pedro and i don't like bugs.
i am ready to go tomorrow
i am eating some muffins. you?
i like bacon and i like to eat it at the bakery.
i love to watch movies on tv.
what movie? i love bach.
i am not sure what that means. i am working on my health.
do you go to the hospital?
i have been in a lot of graves.
oh that is sad. i am sorry to hear that.
my dad was great. he was the most important person in my life.
you are right i am a doctor
i am a nurse.
i am good. just got done working on my nails
i am good. how are you?
oh i just got done getting my nails done.
that is awesome! what do you do for work?
i like the beach my horses are my favorite animals
i have a few kids. i have two boys and two girls.
i love the beach
i love the water. but i am afraid of spiders and snakes.
cool. i am sorry, i have a car dealership
i am currently in engineering. what do you do for a living?
i love cars! i just bought a new one.
i don't have a phobia, but i do have a fear of snakes and spiders
no, not yet, i just want to sleep but i hate sleeping
you should scare the spiders out of them
yeah i said that so i am sorry
oh cool. i am a nurse. do you work?
yes i do! i am a huge fan of the lord of the rings
that is cool, do you have any pets?
i don't have any. i am a part time worker.
oh, i see. i would love to be home with my dogs and cat.
that is a lot of cats. what do you do for a living?
it is great to have a bike, especially when you are not working
yes, i love bikes. i also ride a bike
i ride my bike sometimes
i don't, do you?
i am so sorry to hear that, i hope you find peace
i have a ring with a dragon
no i have not i love it
i love fantasy books. i want to write them myself
well that is not a very good way to go
i am good how are you
i am doing well. just got engaged. you?
awesome i am so sorry to hear that
i am still searching for him
i hope so too i am going to the club to find him
are you from the soccer field
yes i do. do you have any pets
i would love to be a baseball player but i hate being a dog person
oh, i like soccer too. what is your favorite sport?
what do you do for a living?
i bet! i am not the best at it but i am sweet enough to share it with you
what do you do for a living?
i like to dance and take turns at the club.
do you go to clubs?
that is awesome! i like to take selkies but i have a big sweet tooth
hi! i am a full time worker at a fantasy company.
nice! i am actually in the army.
i love to write fantasy books
awesome! i hope you can do that.
i am a fantasy fan
i am not a big fantasy fan. i sing karok and watch tv.
i understand that but i would like to know more
that is really cool. i am not a big fan of it.
yes i do i have 2 part time jobs
i was a soldier in the army.
that is interesting. i am a fantasy fan.
it is, i love dogs. i am a singer.
that is interesting, do you like music
i like karok music, especially the old ones.
wow, that is so awesome
i am proud to be american. i am a volunteer for the red cross.
that is awesome! i am so proud to be an american!
that is cool. do you like zoos? i love them
that is a fun way to spend your time
i like green too my favorite color
i like the color yellow too. i am proud to be american
i am also a teddy bear collector
that is a good color. i love zoos
i have a huge collection of teddy bears
my parents are proud of us in america, and we are still proud
i can help you with the paperwork
i am glad to be a citizen of america. it is where i grew up
that is a great attitude to have
i am a model car designer and a father of three
i love to watch football on sundays. what do you do for a living?
nice! i am a first time dad. i am adopted.
i have three. we watch football on sundays.
that is the best. i am the best.
i am not sure. i do have a couple of favorite teams.
i like dolphins. my dog ginger is the best.
i also like to shop at the mall, i am a hair stylist
that is so sweet. i love movies. i love the titanic 10 times.
i love movies! i also like watching football on sundays.
i like the movie titanic. i have seen it twice.
i did not go to school. i am a hair stylist.
yes. i just got to see it on the big screen.
i am in school, i am a hair stylist.
i went to the national high school. i went to the city for my work.
i am doing great! how are you?
i am good how are you?
i am 34 and i work in a hair stylist.
i am homeschooled. i like to cosplay
oh wow, i love cosplay. i love christmas.
oh, i am not a big fan of christmas. i just dyed my hair red.
mine is blue. don't be offended.
i like to go to california.
i am from las vegas.
oh, i am from california, where are you?
nice! my three dogs love it here. do you have any pets?
i don't. i work as a home school teacher.
that is cool. my name is dale.
my name is jane. i am from the south.
i like to paint and live in a large city. i love to paint in my spare time.
i love cheese pizza, and christmas is my favorite holiday!
i love pizza and mac and cheese pizza
what is your dog name?
i have a horse
they are all short, and i love cheese pizza.
i have a couple of collies. what do you do for fun?
maltese, its a bit of a joke. my favorite holiday is christmas.
i love christmas. its such a fun time
i have never been to the party
i don't like halloween, i don't like halloween.
oh, i don't like halloween, i really enjoy watching football.
i love horror movies, but i prefer the movies of gerald and jenny
that is not a good idea.
i am eating some crab and onion
yes, i am homechooling my child. what do you do?
nice, i have to go out to play with friends. i am going to be in a new
i don't have any friends. i do like fish. i like it when i make crafts.
i am. i have a long wavy hair and tail. do you like fish?
yes, a lot of it. its a big part of my life.
that is true. where are you from?
i live in a small town. i live in a small town.
i love going out with my friends and exploring.
i am a homebody. i am a mother of three kids.
oh. do you like cooking?
yes i do, i am home early so i have to cook.
i am a teacher, that is great, i teach children.
he is not a reader. he likes books. i like crafts.
that is cool, i love science. we are in the sea and we enjoy that.
hi lucy! i am lucy and i am excited to be playing soccer this weekend
i am well, i am a secretary in the office
i am a college graduate. i love sports! i have a job as a writer
cool. i am in the office. i am an assistant secretary.
that is cool. i just watch sports on tv.
yeah i watch a lot of sports, but i love candy.
i don't watch much tv, but i love sports, i am a grad student.
i like to spend time with my family, i am obsessed with candy
that is awesome! soccer is my favorite sport.
i watch sports on tv, and also watch tv.
i like watching my cage and watching sports on tv. do you like animals?
i have two dogs, one named tupac. do you have pets?
i have 2 cats, do you have any pets?
i have 3 dogs. one is a cat.
what is your favorite color? i like black frogs.
i am doing good just watching tv
i have been to france and i have been to korea and i have been to europe
that is cool! i am watching soccer on tv
i did not know that at the time. i just got a job as a cashier at a
oh really? are you in school? i am engaged.
i am a advertising manager, i work in the local market
nice. i used to wear a sports dress.
i am religious, i am getting married to my best friend in the world
i like to come from the country, my favorite is soccer
from north dakota, they believe in the sun
my wife and i are jewish. they are both at least in part jewish.
i can, i try to be flexible
do you play any sports?
no i have not i don't know
do you like soccer?
i am going to play poker
just got married, i am a gym teacher and love swimming.
do you have any kids?
do you have any kids? i am a kindergarten teacher.
awesome. i am taking a job teaching jujitsu
yes, i love driving around the beach and swimming.
i love music. i play music with my friends
i do. my wife and kids love music, especially ed sheeran.
i am in college and want to be a teacher
i don't. i like to swim.
i am a student so i am taking college
i have never tried that.
it is great. i am hoping to take it to school
that sounds great. i am a very active person, but i am overweight
i am. i love to cook. i am taking a college and hoping to be a teacher.
i am doing well, how about you?
i am doing good.
yes, i work as a doctor
yes i am a professional skater
i love to play video games
i am not very good do you like chips
i am a loner so i am pretty shy
i am a professional skater. i am sorry about that
oh wow, what do you do for a living?
i am a pro skater
what kind of sports do you like?
no i am too busy with school
what do you do for work?
my tail was removed, so i have not played sports since then
i am a doctor myself and have an interest in model spaceships
i love sports and also boxing
no. i am a taekwondo fan. do you like it?
cool, i am a professional roller coaster rider. i am a champion
i love italian food. i sing in choir and it is hard to sing.
i see. i have never been to the state i live in.
i have not, but i would like to help kids in need
i like to ride rollercoasters with my friends.
i would love to see that
wow, that is great. i have never been away from the state i reside in.
no. i am more into softball. i am into it.
i am a dad. my dad taches tae kwan do a lot.
he is a college professor. he is very successful.
that is cool. do you like sports? i like rollercoasters.
no. he has a wooden one.
that sounds very scary. what do you do?
i am well. just hanging out with my sister and two parents.
that is nice. i just got my dog, he is an angel.
that sounds fun. i am going to school for music.
i like music, but i prefer traveling to read.
i like country and pop. how about you?
that is cool. i love pasta. what is your favorite food?
i go to church a lot. my parents have a church that i go to.
i love pasta, i love italian food too.
do you like pasta? i love pasta.
do you have a favorite book?
oh, that is nice. i will eat some pasta.
i will eat you. microwave is my favorite!
i will eat the food i eat!
yes, i agree. do you have any kids?
i agree. i am thinking about how to think about this.
hi! i am in a band, how about you?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. tell me something about yourself.
what do you do for a living? i work at a coffee shop.
i am a sushi chef. i love it
that sounds interesting, what do you do?
no i don't get sick i eat a lot of vegan food
i like sushi too. i am a huge fan.
i love sushi and i eat it everyday
oh i see. i get my milk from my sisters
i have heard that before
i don't eat meat. i am more of a party girl.
well i am not sure if i am vegan, but i understand.
i don't care one way or another.
what do you eat?
i don't have a passport.
i like to listen to bach, do you?
i like to swim and go out on the water
i like bacon as well. i eat it all the time.
i don't have to worry about that. i have a long tail and a wavy hair.
my father is a doctor and i am an engineer.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a sea monster, and i love to explore with my
nice! i love the ocean! what do you like to do?
i do! i don't work. i don't even have a day off.
i don't work, i am a scientist, so i love animals!
yes, i have a pet, but i have not had any pets since i was a kid.
what is your favorite thing to eat?
i think it will scare me to death.
no, i am not. i have never seen a horror movie.
you are not afraid of them? i am afraid of them!!!!
i like cooking and baking. i am a chef.
it is going great, how are you?
doing great. i am just finishing up my army deployment.
oh. i have been seeing horror movies a few times now. i am a singer.
i am just drinking whiskey and watching it with my friends.
yeah it was. i just live in south carolina now. i love that state
i am sorry i am so sorry
oh no no!
yes but i am in the dark...
i am a singer but it was hard to find a place for me to sing
not me, but i am still in the army and scared of it
that is a lot of arms. i am a professional singer so i know how to sing
yes i am. i am in jail now. i am 21 years old
oh yeah. i play in a band. do you sing?
awesome. i am a huge fan of big nose
my dad is a farmer and my mom is a teacher
hello. i have a beard.
that is cool, i like to dance and dance with my siblings
yes, i have been dancing a lot lately.
i like to dance. i am a boy so i am a girl
i am a girl. i do fake hair in british and sometimes a british accent
no, i like to dance. do you like dancing?
do you have a favorite past time? i fake it.
i am sorry to hear that. i know i am so much better.
yes, i am married 3 times. i want to have kids.
i have not. i have been weird. i am not very nice.
oh, i have been married four times. do you have any children?
i am sorry, that is why my boyfriends death.
i don't know why i don't have a husband yet.
oh i am sorry to hear that.
yes, i am sorry. what do you do for work?
i am great! just watching one tree hill. you?
i like tea. do you drink scotch?
i don't know how to write but my favorite color is purple
i like purple. i also like all the super hero movies.
i have been working at a pediatric hospital since i was a child.
i am a writer... what about you?
i am a registered nurse. i help patients with their colorectal cancer.
that is a nice profession. i love helping people.
i volunteer at the orphanage. i help people.
i like superhero movies. what do you like?
i have never seen a movie. i am a nurse.
i am not going to. i am going to have a pet.
not really. i am going to see one of those movies.
i am doing well, just got home from school. how are you?
what are you studying for?
that is cool, i am a kindergarten teacher so i get to keep my apartment in seattle.
do you have to take the bus to school?
just over 5 years, you?
that is good i am a lawyer
it is, i am very lucky to have a job
yes i love to travel and go on adventures.
i like sharing apartment with my roommates
i go on adventures too. you?
i like to go to seattle to see animals
i have a dog max. he is a bulldog.
that is awesome! do you have pets?
i am good. how are you?
i am good just listening to some music
i like them alot i have never heard of them
well they are a band. i am thinking of putting my work into graphic design.
they are my favorite animals. i have seen the movie titanic ten times
no but i have family. i am a sales representative.
do you have a question?
oh that is interesting, i am a graphic designer
you can build anything you want, you can build models, you can paint cars, you can paint
wow, that sounds like a good time!
that is very sweet, i am a first time dad so i am very proud
that is great, what position do you have?
that is great! i hope you are very happy
i see. what else do you do?
what do you do for a living?
i do. i am a snowboarder. i love ice.
i love the beach, but i am a bit of a sea beast.
i could, i hunt on the reefs, i am an arctic explorer.
that sounds fun. i live in the sea and my family and friends are all over me.
i eat sea creatures, they are so much fun.
i am not into food, but i love exploring with my friends.
they are not a big fan of meat, but i do like to hunt for them.
wow. i am so sorry to hear that. i spend most of my day at school.
you must have a lot of experience with rocks.
i don't have a question, do you?
i like to ice fish. i am a scientist but i really want to learn about it.
my favorite ice rink is at the ice rink, i have never been there.
a piece of ice. it is the only place that i have seen it.
i don't like spiders either. i am afraid of spiders.
i have two kids.
yes i am married. i like horses, but i am not good at horse riding
i am a very sad woman, i am in my early 20s
oh wow i am sorry. i like the news
it is but my parents are alive. i am a science fiction author
i am retired soon so i can get a break
it is hard. what do you do for a living?
i will be a makeup artist, i will be very happy
i am a science fiction author, what do you do?
that is terrible. i am a carpenter
i am a science fiction author, no children
that is awesome. i don't have a beard, lol.
wow, that is a long time!
just seconds. you will never know. i feel you.
hi john, i am from canada. i am a young adult.
i am from dallas. i love the weather here.
no i am single. do you have kids?
that is cool. i am 40. i have a wife.
i love to sing. you?
i like the chanel. you?
i am not sure. i love country music. do you like jazz?
do you dance? i dance to it sometimes.
i dance to country music sometimes.
i understand. you don't dance often?
no, not really. i am a full grown adult and like to look at houses.
i like to build things, but i am a male. i am 40.
no. i am a young adult. do you like waiting for them?
i have four. they are pretty young. how about you?
oh no. you sing? that is not okay.
i am good thanks and you?
i am doing well. how are you?
oh i love crabs i have a stray cat
oh wow that is cool i like animals
yes it is. i am hoping to adopt one soon
i play music at the club
what is your band about?
i like to listen to simple plan
yeah, i am sure it will be.
i am not that worried about it.
i could help you with that
that is true. do you have a good imagination
yeah i bet that is fun
i work for a small construction company
that is great. what do you do for fun?
i don't have time for politics. i am happy being single.
no. i don't watch tv much.
do you work out at all?
i work a lot too, but that is not enough.
i like to read and read also.
i don't go out much. i am at home with my family.
i go to bars and buy drinks
what do you do in your free time? i watch tv for work
that is a great mall. i work there a lot
i have read a lot, but i am a writer, so i just don't get enough of
i do, but i don't have much free time
what is your favorite book?
i like all sorts of books
i have never read that one. i love science fiction.
i have never heard of stephen king.
i am good. just finished reading my science fiction novel.
i am doing well. just writing a letter to my grandparents.
i am doing well. i am just finishing my book.
i love to read. what do you do for fun?
i don't have time for hobbies either. i am not married.
i am a nurse, what do you do?
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
thank you, that is great to hear.
my parents were both nurses.
i went to college in a nursing school.
i went to nyc. i am a science fiction author.
that is so amazing.
it was an exciting life. i was raised by my parents.
hi, i am doing a little sewing
wow that is cool, i was wondering if i could date my boss niece.
i wish i had a boss. i am retired now.
i work as a kennel cleaner
i sew for my family and my cat.
i love animals too! do you work?
i am sorry to hear that. i should try walking. i don't like walking.
i like simple plan, especially when i listen to music.
i like music i have always wanted to play music.
oh really? i like simple plan. i don't like being around people.
i guess so. i am not sure if i could ever help my mom with homework.
i do. i have a soft spot for my boss.
i am a retired banker. how old are you?
i have no kids. i am a stay at home mom
oh, i know. how old are your niece?
i am good. just cleaning out the cages. you?
i am good. i work at mcdonalds.
i work at a research facility. what do you do for a living?
i study accounting. i love it. i want to go to college.
i can make art that is even better than that.
do you have any designs on the walls?
what do you do for fun? i like to draw and work on my own.
i like to travel. i have been to the south.
that sounds like fun! i have been to museums and art galleries.
that is awesome. i am still learning how to draw, i am looking for something different
i am tall and short. what do you do?
i am average, i am not very tall
it is okay. tell me more about yourself.
i am doing good thanks for asking. i like to make fun of myself.
i work as a nurse at a nursing home
that is nice. i am also a truck driver
i am a nurse. 3 grandchildren and six grand kids
you sound like a really great person.
i bet! i like to spend time with my three grown kids.
i like to be rough around the edges.
you should ride your bike
nice. i like to play sports and don't have much time for hobbies.
my job is a nursing home so i don't have much time to do it.
i don't have any. i have a dog and a cat
i love animals. i am into animals too.
i love music i grew up on a farm
i like all music. i listen to my favorite band, jerry.
what type of music do you like?
hi, joanna. how are you?
i am joanna and i am in college.
i just read a paranormal romance. i don't eat pizza.
wow. i went to school for singing.
that is awesome. i love to sing.
you should try south carolina!
i am from the us, i read paranormal romance books.
i love horror movies. i love horror too!
i love horror movies. i am very into reading.
i like horror films too! i am a professional singer.
me too. i love pizza. i love eating them!
i am a professional singer, i love watching horror movies
i love paranormal romances and paranormal books.
i am a stay at home mom
wow that is a lot of fun!
hi, i am great. just finished a long hike in the mountains.
not really. i love cold weather.
oh my. i am so cold now, i don't like it
i have been to the mountains a few times, but i always stay indoors
i have a dog, i have 3 dogs, and 2 cats.
yes, a dog, a cat and a dog
that is very sad. my cats and i don't have pets.
i am currently studying biology.
that is awesome. what do you do for fun?
i like biology. my biology major is in biology
that is good. what do you do for a living?
i am a single mom, so i have not had a chance to get married yet.
i am sorry to hear that. do you believe in science?
i am a marine biologist. do you teach?
i would like that but my parents don't want to let me
i am doing great thanks. how are you?
i am doing good. just eating pizza. what is your favorite food?
i am eating a meatloaf. i love meatloaf.
oh no. i don't have a job. i work at a pediatric hospital.
i work in an advertising agency. i am a senior.
i am a nurse, so i do that a lot.
do you like pizza? i have been to several.
i am. i am watching netflix.
oh, i see. i don't have many friends. my best friend was not around much.
i have two. they are still in the early teens.
i am the best! i am working in advertising.
yes, but i love the xbox
do you have a best friend? i am sure she is very sweet.
since i was a child. i have been married for a while.
long, i have been working in advertising for a long time.
my parents made the best sausage and bacon. how about you?
i am eating a lot of meat. i am not a huge meat eater.
i will be making clothes for my daughter, i want kids to be fashion designers
i have a bodybuilding class in my spare time
i think they are criminal.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a bodybuilder and i will be fine
that is understandable. my parents are gone.
how long have you been a bodybuilder?
no. i don't have any. i am a little girl.
i see. i am a bodybuilder. i am a doctor
do you have any children?
no i am trying to stay busy in my spare time.
i am sorry to hear that. i am in the field of pediatric surgery.
yes, i am. i am a general. how about you?
i have seen many doctors who have been good at it.
hi, i am doing good. just got back from a long drive.
that sounds fun! i am in school.
its a religious community. i love the synagogue.
that is so awesome. i am a huge fan of religion.
i am. i am a native of ny.
do you speak any other languages?
i can speak it in a few words.
i like to learn a lot.
i speak only english and french.
i can speak any language. i also love to read.
do you like the office show? i love the show.
yeah i am watching it on tv
oh. you are not interested in that?
i enjoy watching the news on my laptop.
i don't watch netflix.
hello! i am a kindergarten teacher, i am a busy person.
i am a college graduate, i love watching sports on tv
nice, what sports do you play?
yes i am married
i do. i love being in shape and swimming every day.
i am currently working at a college
i love swimming. i love swimming, but also swim every day.
yes, i love to swim. do you have a favorite sport?
yes, i swim a lot.
i am a very athletic person. i wish i could swim.
i have a few kids.
do you watch sports? i watch them on tv
i love nature. i live by the sea.
i bet. i am getting married.
i am getting married. i am also getting married.
i am going to go dance with my sister and dog.
i have been shooting at people for years.
that is awesome. i like to hang out with my dog. i live with my sister
i am cleaning up after my husband, too. he is a mess.
i wish i could clean up my parents. i am a mixed race girl.
i am nervous too. i live in a big city. i don't have a lot of friends
yeah. my parents are both deceased.
i am not sure what you mean by mixed.
they are mean and threatening.
oh, that is sad. what do you do for fun?
what are you painting?
i paint with my favorite artist, taylor swift. what about you?
that is really interesting. what do you do for fun?
i love to party too. and kids!
i am sorry to hear that. do you like cold weather? i love it.
i grew up in the late was but my parents are very good
it is winter time. its so cold here. snow is my favorite!
my parents were firefighters and a teacher and they loved it
my mom was a teacher. she loved it!
no i did not i did not follow
oh, well that is too bad. you are right! my two brothers are also divorced.
you will. i am married. i am only 23.
no, i have two younger brothers.
i hope so. i hope they are happy with their lives.
how many kids do you have?
i am sorry to hear that! my parents were firefighters and a teacher.
i have a dog, but i don't have a dog.
i have a cat named arizona
my name is julie, i live in new york
do you like board games? i do
i like to sing and i like to sing
what do you do for a living?
what do you do for a living?
i just finished college and just moved to new york.
i don't have a career. but i do have a lot of money.
that is a good way to pay the bills
i like to model for real estate.
you sound smart!
i am going to be a chef! you?
i am from florida but i live in florida. i am a vet.
i love the sunshine. do you have any pets?
no pets. just a hobby i love playing video games
that is awesome! i have a dog and a dog, they are great companions
he loves to read. i also play the game mario on the weekends
i am learning something new. i am studying to be a chef.
oh i am sorry to hear that. do you have a job?
that is great. what do you do for a living?
nice. i love to read drama books
my mom used to be a detective.
oh ok. i live in california but i am actually from florida
i live near the mountains, i am always there to see my favorite singer
oh, i love the beach. i love to read
i am good. just having a new pet. my husband and i are having a date.
i am allergic to cats.
oh, i am allergic to mangoes too. i write romance novels.
i am a dog collector. my husband is a vet.
that is nice. i live on a faraway island....
i was just joking. i like being eccentric. i have been married 4 times.
i am single. do you write? i am a writer.
i am married.... my husband is looking for my husband.
i write romance novels. you?
no, i don't. i am just a boring dr.. i fake a british
oh no! i am sorry. do you have any cats?
i am flirtatious, but my husband died and i am now divorced.
i am female. i live on a island. but i write romance novels.
i am doing well. just taking a break from writing my short stories.
i am doing good. just got done exercising.
i am stuck in traffic. i am scared of dogs.
i do love to eat ice cream and watch tv
i like to drink scotch and drink it while watching a movie
yes but i don't do anything
yeah i drink a lot of scotch
that is good to have
i bet you like scotch to relax
i just got engaged and my husband loves me
i am sorry to hear that
i am not sure i want to die but i am afraid of him
you need a dog? i am a writer and i write short stories.
i love dogs but i don't like exercise or physical activity
yeah dogs are. they are so kind.
i am good. just got home from work.
that is nice. i just got done playing with my two cats.
i have a wife and 2 dogs. i groom hair.
that is cool. i am always exercising, i am very active.
i am not into fitness i am a dog man.
i am an accountant so i am not very organized.
that is good to know. i do a lot of hair stylizing for my dogs
anything with a healthy diet and exercise, nothing fancy.
i am a vegan but i also eat a lot of fruits and veggies
i don't really eat much because i don't have the money to exercise.
that is very interesting. i have been a fair bit of a beefcake nut.
i really like to eat healthy.
i am trying to eat healthier so i can be a better cook.
that sounds like a lot of fun.
i have a lot of time to lose weight and eat healthy too.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am really good. i am 14
i am a little over 20. are you excited?
i am still in high school, i am a trans boy. i want to be an actor.
biology. i am in college now. i want to be a marine biologist.
that is cool. i love cats and i hate cats.
i don't like cats. i have asthma.
i want to be an actor. i want to be a scientist.
i am a biology major. i am so studious that i don't like to party.
i don't. i prefer classical music.
i love country music! i don't like to party and drink.
i love pink floyd! i hate cats!
what is your favorite movie?
i am doing great, just cooking some barbecue.
that is good. i love cooking too.
i love to watch horror movies. what about you?
that sounds like fun. what else do you like?
i love to make a lot of barbecue for friends
oh that is great! i want to go shopping but i have to get out of the house first
anything that will give me lots of money. what do you do?
that is unfortunate. what do you like to shop for?
what kind of school do you attend?
i am studying law. what about you?
are you studying for a law degree?
maybe you could have kids with me, too...
oh, that is nice. i don't have a job. i am too tall.
i am doing great, thank you. what do you do for a living?
i am good. i am a country music fan.
no, i am not religious. i am just a clerk.
i don't like to watch tv. i have no idea.
i am just watching tv. i like to watch oldies music.
i like music too. jazz is my favorite.
i love classic rock, but i am more of a classical type of music fan.
i like it in new york. i live in the city.
i love traveling. do you have a favorite band?
wow, that sounds fun. i don't like sweets either.
i like sweets but they are not good for my teeth.
do you have plans for the weekend?
i don't have much time for that. i just try to stay busy.
i am a computer programmer for a local hospital.
i am an administrative assistant. what about you?
hello, i don't like cats and don't get along with my dad.
i paint people with my paintings, i love painting
my dad was always listening to my dad.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a boyfriend?
i don't. my dad does not like onion rings.
i would have to be. i am not very nice.
i work at a hospital. i have a nurse job.
i bet you are. i will paint you a ring
i don't get along with my dad. i don't get along with him either.
i work at a grocery store. i like shopping.
i hate food. i hate the cats.
do you like music?
my dads is a nurse. we can get together.
that is sad. i am a criminal justice veteran and i am not very good.
i bet you will not like my mom. she has lots of money.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am good do you have any hobbies?
i like to take pictures, what are your hobbies?
that is a lot of fun, do you have any pets?
i am from new york, i live in new york
i am a christian, so i am more of a photographer.
i don't eat anything. i don't even have any.
i love deli, especially the sandwiches i love.
i am not religious, i don't eat very much.
oh i see. i love sandwiches. i like bacon too
they are a good show, but they are not my favorite.
i like pickles too, i am allergic to pickles
i don't eat pickles, i just like the office show.
i have had pepper for years but it is not good
i have not, i like the lemon ones.
hello there! i am doing well. just got done with my dance class.
not much just packing up my stuff and going to the mountains
cool. i have been going with my dog, ralph.
that is great! i have three dogs and two dogs
i love my dogs, i have two dogs and a puppy
i love cats and dogs, i have 3 cats, 2 dogs and 1 cat
i like to dance, my sister and i dance in the woods
i like to dance, but my parents taught me, so i am a dancer
i love barry manila, what kind of music do you like?
i would love to dance to that
i love ralph he is my favorite
i see, what else do you do for a living?
i don't own a ski rig, but i love to go skiing
yes, i love watching movies and tv. you?
i do, but i prefer books about civil war
oh that is so interesting! are you married?
yes, i am married with four wives
i am sorry to hear that. i am black widowed and have been there for years.
i am not married, i am a dog stylist.
i love dogs. i just bought a new watch and i love ice cream
i have a husky named tony
i have a poodle, what do you do for fun?
no. i like dogs too.
wow. do you like dogs?
i do a lot of research on dogs
i really like to get my favorite food ice cream
hi! i am great. just finished school.
i am great. just got back from working as a nurse. what are you up to?
i like to collect and decorate, and hairdress. i am a vintage 50s lady
i like zoos. i love going to zoos. do you have any pets?
i like to collect vintage 50s decorations. i am going to hairdresser.
i like taking teddy bears to zoos. what about you?
yes, vintage 50s decorating.
i ate some green food! i am a nurse.
i have two kids, i have a boy and a girl.
i don't. i don't have anything planned for tonight.
i have a son. i have two. i am a retired vet.
no kids. i have a grandchild, but no kids.
i am 40. how old are you?
i am doing good, just got off work, i work as a warehouse worker.
good. i work as a nurse.
i am glad it was not. what do you do for fun?
oh yeah, i love movies. i love them too.
i like to make my own burger.
i like eating mudders, too. my favorite is banana bread.
sounds like a good recipe. i only lift weights.
that sounds really good. i would be a good race person too
wow. i am a tall person, so i don't like running.
i can not stand it! i am so tall.
i would rather not have to do that.
i love me some muffins.
that is a shame, but i can lift weight.
lol.... lol....... i am talking to you.
yeah, but people keep saying, lol.
good. just finished cooking my favorite dish, eggplant parmigiana.
i am eating a steak. i am cooking the day before.
i am not that into steak, i love it.
i eat it everyday when i go to church.
i don't. i just go to church sometimes.
i have a pick up truck and i drive it to the ocean.
i am a stock broker. i am a good one.
its a pinto. the one is anodized.
oh, you need to own a dog.
i have a boy. my son is 8.
that is too bad. i am sorry.
do you take fishing?
my parents lived in australia and we both like to fish and fish.
i like to play softball and sing in the choir
i love karate. i am a karate instructor.
you are right, i am a preacher, but i wish i had more time for singing.
that is nice. i also enjoy hunting, so i pray for my family
i am, but i am hungry!
i drive a lot, but i go to church every sunday, so i have time for it
what kind of music do you sing?
yes, they do. i love italian food. do you?
i am not sure. i should probably go play softball with my friends
i like that too. i am more of a country guy
yeah it is, i have never tried it
i am sure you could learn how to play
i like italian food and italian food
that is a good recipe to make with a bowl of captain crunch
yes sir. that is the one
i am great! just getting ready for my walk.
that is a great idea, i enjoy spending time with my kids
oh wow, i spend my spare time walking.
do you have a family? i have a husband and kids.
so you have a garden
i cook a lot of different kinds of food.
i am a biology major and i love it
that s what i do for a living. i own a business that makes homemade meals.
that s what you do with your garden
i use to but i no longer use it. i just read.
that is cool what do you do for fun
yes it is. do you enjoy it?
he is a good man. he has a big garden
he just has to be ready to cook for me
that is very nice
great! i just finished a hike. you?
yes i do. i work as an sales assistant.
oh that is cool. i like to draw.
yes i love music but i don't like bands
i love to work out and hike
i sell computers, i love to sell them
i like to make strange stickers.
i love to listen to music and to enjoy weddings
i like to eat different foods.
yes i can recommend a lot of strange food
oh wow, that is so funny. i am single and don't have a husband.
yes i am married and love to go to weddings.
oh i love weddings! i am going to try some new food and draw.
i am married to a married man
we were married for 10 years. how old are you?
good. just got back from the park. you?
it was great! i was eating breakfast at work
i had a milk bowl and some pizza. how about you?
haha, i like candy, but i am not a big fan.
i play with friends, i am on the beach, do you like playing with the kids?
it was good, but i still get exercise, so i am not into that.
i am 25, i live in the ocean. i am really into nature.
lol, i guess you could say that.
i am not sure, but i don't blame you.
i don't have dreams but i do have a dream of someday being a doctor.
that is awesome! i am training to be a pro athlete.
i like motorcycle. i also like to ride my motorcycle.
that sounds like fun. i am always at school.
yeah, i am aware of that. i have been to two.
yes, i would like to go for a ride with my family but i don't have the money
i am good. just had a problem with my volkswagen.
i am great. i am single. how about you?
i am married and want to be a doctor
i have 3 kids and they are all girls.
i am sure that is not good for you.
i am divorced, my kids are all girls
i wish i had kids, but i am 17
i am male and female. what is your favorite thing to do?
i am just a little boy.
lol i was born in the late was
i am 23 and live in the city so i am at the moment.
wow, that is a long time ago
oh wow! you are so young.
i am 25
do you laugh at all?
hi there, how are you today?
good. just eating some ice cream and watching some tv.
i like meat. i am a big meat eater.
i don't have much time for that. i am homebody so i am busy.
what do you do for work?
oh, what did he do for a living?
he is a retired homebody.
that is very cool. i am a homebody myself.
oh that is great! i like to go camping, and hiking.
i enjoy going camping too. i have a house in the woods.
i don't camp. my father and i don't like to camp.
i love hiking and biking.
i go to the back yard on the weekends
what do you like to hike?
it is nice but i like to go camping
hello, i am jo. how are you?
i am doing good. just relaxing from a long day of snow and cold weather
yes i am. how are you?
i don't like cheese.
i love tara roosevelt
i live in wisconsin, but i live in new york
i am a virgin. i am a huge body builder
i am male and i am from wisconsin. i am a manager for a local firm.
you are in a relationship?
i am female, i have two brothers
i am not a big fan of them
i have 2 brothers and two sisters
i am a boy and a girl
i am 32. how about you?
i don't know what to say
i will not say where, but i would like to move somewhere where i can
i wish i lived in ohio.
pretty good, i just got home from the park.
oh i see. i am not sure if i will ever drive a honda civic.
i like all models, but prefer the golden retriever.
oh nice! i am a accountant.
i like to photograph landscapes. what are your hobbies?
oh, that is great! i am a manager.
i don't know. what about you?
i don't think so, and i am just so rude.
it is just a movie, but my favorite movie is the titanic ten.
no i have not. it is a great movie.
i have seen it twice. i am into cars.
no, but i do have a honda civic.
i have a golden retriever named ginger.
i am doing well. i just got home from church. you?
oh, i am doing great. just finished knitting my favorite hat.
that is so cool. do you have any family?
i am a full time vegan. and work
that is nice. i wish i had money to do that.
well i am sure that is true
i am a ford trucker. i am very conservative.
oh really? i am disabled so i can not walk
that is a great profession!!! i am very conservative and have to help my family.
that is a good thing. i love cooking.
that is pretty cool. my family lives on the corner from me.
i hope so. i will try to do that when i am off work
i do. i am a preacher. you?
oh no, no i am not
you are right. i think we should all pray together.
that is the way to go.
i agree. what are your hobbies?
i like to read. i don't work right now, so i am just a hobby.
that sounds like fun.
yes. i read a lot of books. i am an only child so i have not read yet
i am sorry to hear that. i am a religious person so i would have read a chapter a
i am doing ok, how are you?
great, i am in good shape. i am repairing classic cars!
what kind of food do you rent?
i have a sister. we are very protective of each other. do you have a favorite food?
i love seafood. it is so tasty.
my cabin is so smelly... i am allergic to shellfish.
oh that sucks! i will eat it and send you to the vet
i hear that. i get shellfish when i go hunting.
oh no, that is too bad. i bet they do
lol they will eat you if you eat shellfish.
i will have to get it fixed soon
how much do you want to restore?
i need to go to a new place, i love cars
i am doing well, just getting ready for work.
i am doing great. i just finished cooking dinner.
how are you doing tonight?
i am just bored so i just sit there
what do you do for a living?
what kind of work do you do?
oh that is terrible.
you can get a job as a lawyer
i hope you do too! i am sure that you will!
i have a few but no siblings
i am trying to help my mom.
my parents are so lucky and have so many
i bet, if you want to help people, you will have to try.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am great! i am just 5 feet tall! you?
that is funny. i am a student so i am so scared to go to school.
i am in my fifth grade. my sister and i are not too happy about it.
oh no! my mom and dad are bullies, too!
it is, they don't like it.
i am sorry i don't like music. i like music.
i like all kinds of things.
i don't really dance but i love to dance.
no i don't, i am writing it right now.
what kind of music do you write?
no, i don't. i just stay busy with school.
i like to dance and play music. do you have any hobbies?
that sounds like fun. i am 5 ft. tall.
i am 5 foot 5.
hi how are you today
i am good, i am learning how to play ultimate frisbee
cool. i am watching a game, but am still new to it
yes it is. what is your favorite sport?
yeah, but i am also big jock and i am not really a fan of video games.
it is my favorite season
it is good for the body. but i am still young.
you sound like a very outgoing person
you must be a big jiujitsu fan
cool. i live in bora bora
i am in cali, i live in the suburbs
i love fall, so i would like to be in bora
summer. i love to run and play the card game.
i am good. i like bluegrass music and skateboarding.
i am from california, so i don't like any other country.
i am from cali so i work in the city.
cool! i love music. i play the guitar in my spare time.
i love bluegrass music. it is so relaxing
i play the guitar but i am also a musician on the weekends
i used to have a tail but it was removed
oh no! that is terrible! i live in california and have no tail
i have two. they are not that big
i do like sports. i play baseball, hockey, basketball.
i love the olympics. i played skater when i was in high school
i love the olympics too. i don't watch much sports.
i like movies too. i am a big fan of movies
yes, i love it. i like watching it on youtube
i enjoy skating more than anything.
i like horse. they are my favorite.
i am a professional horse rider and love to run
i don't like to run but i love to exercise
i am sorry to hear that. i am an avid musician
i listen to them when i am not playing music
my father was a cop and he was also a hunter
i bet he liked cars too. i just got my new car
that is cool i have to drive around the world
yes i do
oh i see movies are the best. do you like nirvana?
yes i do i hang out alot
that sounds nice. i like to go to the beach
i live in california
i go there a lot
i am eating my nails
i am from the south. i like to work out in the south.
i am from puerto rico, how about you?
i am from the us, so i am sure you are from there.
i am from puerto rico, i have two brothers.
i am from the south korea, you?
i live in north carolina, it is the best place to get to.
that is cool, i am a chef at the moment
wow that is a long distance
its okay i am sure you will be very happy
do you have any family?
i am 30, 3 brothers and 2 sisters
that is so cool. do you have a family?
yeah i love music
i love country, its pretty good
i am good with cooking and i love sushi
i am doing great, thanks. just finished a book i am writing. you?
i write for a living
i am an engineering student and don't have any kids
what do you do?
i am a science fiction author. i enjoy writing about the paranormal.
i like to dance, my favorite is to date
oh my! i am scared of snakes and snakes
i am a writer, i love to read
i have not had kids, so i don't have any children
that is good. what do you think about kids?
no i don't think i have any kids. what are you thinking?
i am from edris island, i live there
i am a science fiction author
that is nice, i run a lot
yes, i do it for a living
i love pork chops
i am good. what do you do for work?
how long have you retired? i love christmas.
i like to eat meat and go camping
she has a dog named a chester. do you have any pets?
i am a vegetarian. i don't eat meat.
i am a stylist so i have 3 dogs.
i enjoy camping with my friends.
my hair is bright red with a nice red highlights.
yes, i love hiking. i go hiking a lot.
i don't sing but i do have three dogs and i don't wear makeup.
i sing hair styles too! my mom is a nurse so she is a nurse too.
yeah i am happy with my life.
lol i am sad i know. i would love to get out more.
yes! so do you agree?
i am a dad and i just became a first time father
i am sorry to hear that. i don't work, i live in a very low income apartment
i don't have a family, but i would like to be a father someday.
i am a fast food manager, it is boring but i do like it.
i am sure it will be okay. i hope to be a good dad someday.
thank you, i am saving up for retirement
what type of computer do you use?
what do you do for fun?
i love that movie titanic 10 times.
haha no, i don't really like animals, i am sorry
oh sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
i did not do anything wrong, i am glad i did
that sounds like a good time.
i hope things get better for you too.
i think you would be able to see the bear... what do you do?
i am a computer programmer, but i am currently in school
i work part time as a cashier at a restaurant
that is cool. i have 4 siblings and one mom.
no, i am a little older than my siblings and brother.
i have two brothers, we are from different parts of it.
oh wow, that is so sweet. i have to get out more.
i like to listen to music
i like paranormal romances and reading paranormal books
that sounds interesting. i have a big mouth.
my siblings and i like to be small.
i mean tall and skinny... what is your favorite food?
i am short, i am not very good at reading. i am a stutter.
what are you stuttering?
it is! i love to listen to music. i love listening to paranormal romances.
i like all kinds of music
hi! i am good. i just finished sewing a cross stitch for my daughter.
i have a sister and a dog. i live with them.
cool. where do you live?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i have no siblings.
that is a shame. i am glad you are alive.
i am sorry. my parents are both in the military.
i love the island, and am glad it is not too far from the city.
it is great. i enjoy dancing.
no, i am not a dancer, i am a baby boomer.
what is your birth name?
oh wow. i am a total bummer.
it is. i love dancing.
its fun to be an american, even though i am not very good at it.
i love to dance. i love ralph.
i have never played with him.
i am well. just taking my british accent.
what do you do?
i don't have a job at all.
you just need to listen to me
i guess so
we all have our own things
oh really?
oh that is a shame. i am still young and still learning
i am sure you are very imaginative
i think you are crazy.
i am not sure i think it is a lot of weird
yeah, but no i will not be ok with that
i like it. i don't think it is weird
hi there john. i am mary and you?
hi i love animals too
i am an animal lover. do you have pets?
i am a very big frisbee fan.
i have two dogs and a cat named charlie
haha that is a pretty neat name
yes. i work as a nurse. what do you do?
i work at a store. i love frisbees.
that is great, i also help out with the elderly.
i have two large dogs. they love to chew on the floor.
i have passion for caring for people, i am a nurse.
i like to play frisbee with my dog.
that is funny. my dogs are amazing. i have three of them
i have two small dogs but they don't like my job
i do, i have a lot of work to do, but i love it.
i am well, thanks, i am just relaxing and relaxing with my jujitsu
oh wow, nice to meet you. how are you?
i run a lot, i am learning jujitsu but am still new to it.
i am trying to find out. i am an environmentalist. i am more of an activist.
do you work?
do you have a favorite jujitsu sport?
i think its hard, but i am learning it is the best.
how many kids do you have?
i am 35. i am still learning, but i would say i am very young.
do you believe in ed sheeran?
what is your hobbies?
i enjoy environmentalism. do you have any hobbies?
i love to bath, not much time for wine though
nice! i have been to mississippi once. i love that place.
i did. it was great fun. i play poker for fun.
i am good. i just got back from the army.
i am a student. i have no siblings. i don't want to be a successful military leader
i am single. i am not able to talk about my mother.
i like to study and study. i am studying law. what about you?
that is great. my mom is a genius. she is an amazing person.
i enjoy karaoke. it is fun and stressful.
that sounds interesting. i am a little color blind so i am not familiar with that.
i like to see colorblind people when i can.
yes it is. i don't like the color. i am allergic.
i like black and white too. how many people do you have?
its not really a colorblind thing, but it helps with my allergies.
you know what i mean?
i am a college student, so i cannot really say that.
i am studying law. i don't have any siblings.
i guess that is understandable. i was in court when i was younger.
i am good. just got off work. i was in advertising last year.
nice! what are you studying?
i am a stay at home mom of two. what about you?
i am a teacher. i teach at a local high school
i live in north dakota, i am in the north west
yes, i live in new york.
i grew up in north dakota, the world is big.
i understand that. do you have any other opinions?
i think it is very hard to find people to meet
do you like to do anything else?
i like to travel and study to find out
i love to cook
i love to cook for my family too.
i am into the republican movement.
you are a realist, i am a realist, what do you do for fun?
it is going good. how about you?
its going good. what about you?
do you have any pets? i love dogs
i love horses. i love them too. what kind of horses do you have?
i love horses, but i am afraid of dogs.
i like horses too. i ride them everyday
oh no! do you have kids?
i am 32 and just turned 32
that is cool. i like to read and movies. i am a single woman.
i love books and life. i love reading books
me too. i love romance as well as romance novels.
i love listening to you listen to me
what do you like to cook?
i love cooking
i want to be a chef too.
i am only 17 so i cannot cook yet.
i like to cook food from our garden
i love shopping, i love clothes and decorating.
do you like gardening? i love gardening
oh nice! what kind of work do you do?
oh i see how that is. i have a friend i met when i was younger
i work for a university. i am going to be a freshman next year.
what a great coincidence. you should meet me
i am sorry to hear that. i am so sorry to hear that.
he is a musician. he is a huge fan.
cool. i am sorry. i love music.
i used to drive a car that was for the big city
i am a freshman in high school and i am in college.
that sounds like fun!
yes. i am going to shop in the fall.
hello, i am a carpenter and have a wife and three kids.
that would be cool. i am a stock broker.
i drink, but i have a lot of friends! and no one likes me!
oh well. i will do it anyway. i am sure you will love it!
i have a wife and 3 kids. i am the youngest.
i love eggplant parmigiana!
that is awful! i am a carpenter, but i don't have many friends.
i am sorry to hear that. i live in australia.
i did not know that! i don't eat meat. i am vegan.
i don't eat meat. i don't even like eggs.
i understand. i like to go to australia but i don't have many friends.
no, my brothers and sisters live there.
oh, you must love the money. i bet you do.
yeah, i plan on going to it.
that is awesome. it will be nice talking to you!
i am doing good. how are you?
yes! i am taking a break from work
cool. do you have any pets?
no, just the one i had. i am studying to be a doctor.
i have three dogs. what do you do for fun?
i am looking for a job.
oh ok what do you want to do next?
nope. do you have any other plans?
oh wow. do you have a plan for the night?
we are going to go to mcdonalds later.
i don't have any plans for tonight.
i am just watching tv. what do you like to watch?
i watch football. do you watch it often?
i am going to college. what do you watch?
i love you and the people you love
i like to cook in my spare time, how about you?
i am good. i am in europe and love italian food
i am doing well, i am a single mom of two kids and a stay at home mom.
that is a wonderful idea!
thank you for the offer. i am disabled too.
what do you like to read about?
i listen to country music, like country and country music.
i like food. i love italian food.
i love eating healthy, i like to bake sweets for babies in the hospital.
do you have a dog?
i have a huge dog, he is a husky.
i love italian cakes.
mine is the red velvet one.
i could not say i have done that much cooking for my favorite food.
i don't like pumpkin, and i am allergic to it.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am good, just doing my best to help my best friend.
oh okay. i am listening to some oldies music
i am sorry to hear that. i am in high school.
i am just looking forward to retiring in five years
how old are you? i am 33.
that is not too bad, i am in 5 years
that sounds like a great place to be.
yes, i am in north carolina
nice... i live in houston
i work at a barbeque restaurant
i work at a clothing store... but i am not a designer.
i am a waitress... you?
i am good how are you
i am good how are you
i am a veteran in the army
that is awesome do you have a spare time
i am serving in the military now, i was born in puerto rico.
that is not good. i write and take notes.
i am a military veteran. i am in the army.
i am not much of a reader.
i am serving in the army so i can do that.
i work for an online job
nice i am a hard worker and hard to find work
yes it is. what do you do for fun?
it is nice to know you have a job
wow that is cool, what did you do for a living
i have heard it was by choice. how old are you?
i am great! how are you?
pretty good, just got home from homechooling.
cool. i am listening to music.
not really i am homeschooled so i listen to it all the time.
i am fat, i am 5 feet tall and my parents hate me.
i am listening to some music while i am homeschooled.
my parents are my family, my siblings are my family
i have a lot of friends, we all live together
my siblings are the best. i have one brother and two sisters.
i am so young i don't have the time to have a bf
i have four siblings and one is a robot.
yes, i have blue hair
my dad is a police officer.
i am not a fan of blue eyes
i am tall and don't have many friends
hi, i am doing well thanks. what do you do for fun?
i am fine just stressed out
that sounds like a relief. i am sure you enjoy it.
its a dead end job so i am looking for something different
i work as a home health aide
no, but i work at mcdonalds. i really like it.
what do you mean by mcdonalds? my husband does not work.
i am 45 and i am only 14
i am 30, i am a teacher.
no i went to college but i work in a restaurant
what do you do for a living?
it is great to have so many options
yes. i am in business. i run a business.
i would be happy if i had a job now
where do you work?
i am doing well. just finished drinking some wine. how are you?
that sounds nice. i am in new york city, so i am sure you enjoy it.
florida. i am from florida, you?
i am from california and you?
oh wow. what do you do?
i am trying to find a new city to live in.
that sounds interesting do you have a favorite artist?
what is your favorite spot to surf?
i play board games. i have a cat named arizona.
i am also an actress and i sing well.
i like to sing too. i also like to read biographies.
i am not a singer but i am a model and actor
i am a bit of a ballerina.
i don't have a church.
do you have any family?
i am doing well. just finished getting ready for my ride. you?
just working, its all about the money
wow, that is nice. i am stationed in the us.
i am in the south korea army.
wow, are you old?
good, i was born in puerto rico.
i like to look at my face, it hurts me
oh no. i am a violent person and i am trying to heal it.
yes. i have a horse and you?
what do you do for fun?
i think that is why we keep it secret
i am always angry. i am not nice.
i like to see my hair cut and then i get my hair done.
i have short hair, but i have long blonde hair.
oh, i can imagine. what do you do for fun?
i am okay, i just got done with my kids
i am a parent too, so i have two kids, and a dog.
i want to be a fashion designer...
oh that is awesome! i am into cooking.
that is so cool! i hope they don't end up in jail.
i work out at my gym.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear. my parents were always gone
i have not, but i have a relationship.
i am so sorry.... i don't know what to say.
i should have
i am not a fan of the police either.
i like fashion and am into getting into my own very successful dieting business
i like versace and look at all the dresses
i am good. how about you?
i am from the beach, you?
i am in california. i want to move to new york city
that is awesome. what do you do for a living?
i am a fashion model and actor
i don't know. i have a turtle named timothy.
i am a fashion model, but i am a very good singer too!
a surfer. i love to fly frisbees.
i love surfing, but i am moving to new york city next year, so i don't
i love to skate, i like to go to the rink.
i am a surfer, so i don't sing very well.
my turtle is timothy. i have one. you?
i don't have any pets. i just started working in fashion.
hello, i am a cat person, and my three children are all cats
i have 2 dogs and a cat and i love them.
i have two cats. they are my favorite.
she is a little bit of a pet. i am too. you have any pets?
you have to cook.
i work as a nurse. i am a chef.
i am an owner of a home. what about you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am working as a nurse.
i would be happy to work out if i could.
yes, i am a good listener.
i don't. i am sorry. i hope you feel better.
you are welcome. i hope that you feel the same way
no, i am a good cook. i have three.
i am old enough to walk
my brother is a secretary. i am in the military too.
i have a pet cat, a siamese cat!
i like cats. i also have a dog and a dog.
i have to go now, my retirement is coming up.
where do you work? i work in a bodybuilding clinic.
that is cool. i have made quilts for my family.
that is very interesting. what do you do?
my parents are both doctors. i have a degree in finance.
wow, i bet that is very exciting. i have a little brother who loves it.
that is terrible! i am trying to get away from meat
i do, i have to eat a lot of red meat, but i have my way.
i am not a big fan of red meat, but i do eat it when i walk.
no i have not i wish i was more
i am so sorry to hear that. you married?
i am doing just fine now. i just finished a long project. what do you do?
i am an arctic explorer. i am actually in the ocean.
that sounds fun i am a teacher
that is awesome, i am an arctic explorer
no, she adopted a stray cat
what is your favorite subject?
i sing folk songs and sing folk songs
i have a history teacher so i am very interested in ice
i bet. bet that is interesting.
yeah, i am always in the cold
what kind of teacher do you teach?
i don't know. i was an arctic explorer and now i am looking to return home
that sucks, i just came from a cold day
i wish i could be a bear, that would be cool
that is cool, do you have a family?
great! i am great. just eating some steak. you?
i am good. just got back from eating chicken. how about you?
i love chicken. i don't eat meat. i am a bodybuilder.
so what kind of steak do you like?
i do. i am a bodybuilder. i am pretty healthy.
i am a schoolboy. i live in california. where do you live?
i don't travel. i am a doctor. what do you do for a living?
i try not to get too busy. i love rollercoasters!
awesome! i would like to travel again.
no, i am in school, but i am a teacher.
i am a doctor, but i am not really in the gym.
no, he is a stay at home mom. i am a student.
she is very talented.
i have always wanted to be a doctor. i am a girl but i am still in school.
a doctor. i am a bodybuilder, but i also help people.
i am good. i am just enjoying some cold weather and snow.
i am doing very well. how are you?
i am glad to hear that! i work in a boring office, so i am exhausted.
oh no! where are you from?
that would be so cool! i would love to get snow and ice, but snow is so hard
i love to grow vegetables, plants are my favorite!
green is fun! what is your favorite band?
i am only 34! i think that is really cool
i like winter time. i am a manager for a consulting firm.
do you have any hobbies?
i like metallica. i listen to them on my guitar.
oh cool! what kind of guitar did you play?
i love metallica. i go to concerts all the time.
i was in the band at a concert last year!
i have! they are amazing. they are my favorite.
i am doing great. just got back from a run. i am taking a swim.
i am ok. i am on a boat.
you should try it. i have a huge sweet tooth.
i am an arctic explorer.
i am not going to be able to go to the ice shelves with my dog.
i used to be a hunter but got interested in hunting.
i have a big sweet tooth. that is why i hunt them.
i also love to read.
what kind of camera do you have?
oh, i am really passionate about photography.
i think i am a narcissist.
do you take pictures of yourself?
nice, i love to dance at the club.
i don't dance, i am a geologist.
i have a dark side. i find it is boring.
i am doing well, how about you?
i am great. i am in a fashion design competition, but i am not right now.
that is a dream. i am a bank teller
i am not sure. i just want kids but not right now
oh wow, are you into any hobbies?
i like to skateboard. what do you do?
that sounds like a lot of fun! what do you do in your spare time?
i am currently having twins. do you have any children?
no, i am single. i sew to pay for my retirement.
what else do you like to do?
i don't have kids yet. i don't want one yet.
he cheated on me, so i am sorry
oh, i am sorry to hear that.
hi there, it was great! i was enjoying a bluegrass concert.
oh that is cool. i have been a huge fan of bluegrass for years.
nothing much just finished my morning skate session
i am a mom of two kids.
that is cool. i am only 1 year old
i have two, 3 and 5.
that is great. do you have any siblings?
that is great! i will try to keep my competitive spirit.
yeah, it is a great thing to have. i am always looking to get pregnant.
i would love that. do you cook?
yes it does. do you have any kids?
i am always trying to make a big family but i just don't have the time.
oh that is a great hobby. what do you do for fun?
i love them! they are so kind to me.
i am a professional skater, and i am a bit of a sports buff.
i have never done it, but i am homeschooled.
that sounds amazing.
i go every year, but i live in california.
i like rap music, what is your favorite genre?
i love art. i also love spending time with my robot.
cool! i am in college studying to be a teacher.
yes, i am, i am in school.
that is cool, you can build anything.
yeah, its pretty cool. i have no friends.
where do you work?
i am currently a college student.
i live in cali. where do you live?
i am still in school. i don't know how i got out of it.
oh wow. that is nice. i bet you would enjoy that state.
i am not familiar with that state. i am not very good at it.
hi how are you today?
nice! i am a pimp. i don't know much about graphic design, but i am
i do, i am a professional. i also work in sales.
oh that is cool. i am a paraplegic. i am also a student.
i love the band rush, they are my favorite.
i love music, it is my favorite. you?
that is funny. do you like weddings?
i don't eat vegetables, i am so fat!
wow, that sounds like a lot of work. i am an omnivore. i like graphic
i am 5 foot tall and look like a huge pug!
i don't get too much light, but i have a big family.
what food do you eat?
i have to work, i am a salesperson so i am usually busy.
i have a musical instrument, but i will not play.
i could... i could probably do a lot of graphic design.
i am good. just got done doing some facial hair. you?
no i don't have a beard.
i have a gorgeous beard, my hair is fake, so i don't speak my mind.
you sound like a great person. i work for a company that sells homes.
i am a professional horseback riding rider
oh that is nice. do you have any hobbies? i like hunting.
oh i bet they are
i am currently working on a new car. i am a handyman
yes i do, i remember my childhood well
you are an accomplished horseman?
no i work a lot of hours to pay for that
that is good. i hunt in the woods and restore classic cars.
you sound like a loner
i am good. my girlfriend is my girlfriend. how are you?
i am fine. i am praying for her.
i am sorry. my girlfriend lives with me. i am in law school.
i am sorry to hear that. i grew up in a bad childhood
oh wow i hear that. do you like church
wow you are a saint. do you like that lifestyle
i am studying to become a lawyer
do you work in a hospital
that is interesting. i am studying to be a lawyer
that is great hope you can do it
i hope so too, i have a girlfriend
you should say her boyfriend
well money is the best thing you can do for your family
i make more money than my husband does
yeah i am studying to become a lawyer
i am good. i just finished my second year of college. how are you?
i am good just relaxing with my turtles
what are you studying? i love to play sports
i don't really have time to watch. i am just so upset
i like to play sports too, but i am not very active
you must be really active too!
me too.
that is cool.
do you like rap? i love it
i do like the political stuff
i am more of a rap fan i like rap
i love trump. do you have any pets?
no i don't have a roommate so i am in the dorms
no pets, i have a turtle named timothy.
that is cool, do you have any hobbies?
i am good, how are you?
i am doing well, just got off work. i just finished sewing a quilt.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i make quilts for my family
i love to watch the netflix on my second life.
yes i watch a lot of tv, i am retired.
oh, cats are cool. i have a few cats, but they are not my thing.
i have a pet cat named mia. she is a terrier.
i have a cat named billie.
his name is chris. what is your favorite thing to do?
that is great. what kind of animal?
i do travel a lot, but i have not done much lately.
i travel a lot, but i don't have time to do much.
i am good. just finished making my barbecue tonight.
i am good. just making dinner. you?
i make chicken wings. it is my favorite!
i don't have time for anything else but that
i will be making halloween halloween
yes i am, but i am not a good student
that sounds good. what do you do for fun?
what is your favorite food?
i am a vegan so i try to eat what i can.
oh no what are you doing?
i like to watch movies and have fun.
no i like to stay in touch with my best friend in kindergarten
do you like to watch horror movies?
do you travel a lot
i am also big and tall, do you like to travel?
its going good, hope you are well. i am jane. i have a choir and i
oh i am studying to be a teacher.
i like to eat italian food too.
i love the food i eat in my restaurant
i sing in choir too. i like to sing too.
i like to play cards too
i play cards too. i will play any card games i can get my hands on.
i don't know much about euchre but i love it
it is a card game.
i like to play it in my free time
i play italian games and sing to my choir.
wow that is a lot of hits
it is a great card game. if you win it will bring you back to italy
i bet that is fun
it is a computer program that helps with computer programming.
hello. i am in ohio. i am a single mom.
i am homechooling and you? i am home schooling
i love hiking and biking, hiking can be fun
cool. i am a writer. i am home schooled, and i am about to publish a
sounds like fun. i drive a honda civic and hike in it.
i love the colorado. i bet you like it.
i love blue hair! what is your favorite color?
i am a bit of both. i am homeschooled so i don't have a lot of
i am sure you will like it. i am a single mom of two boys.
about color. i am more of a hindu.
blue. i color my hair blue. do you like it?
that is fun. what do you like to do for fun?
i was. i am a mom of two boys.
i don't sing. i live in california and i am homeschooled.
no. i live in ohio. i am an accountant.
i am so glad to meet you.
hey i am well thanks! i have two kids. they are playing poker.
i am in a very small group. i have traveled to six countries.
i have visited 7 countries in my life.
i am a biology major, i am going to teach at a college
i am a carpenter, but i am not much of a travel person.
nice! i have a large garden, it is a perfect place to grow flowers.
i love it. i like to fish and take my kids fishing.
that is great. what are your hobbies?
i love it! i am retired but i am still in school.
i am in college, i teach biology at a college!
cool! i love biology and computer science.
that is great! i am not a very good teacher
i love the beach, i was once on a trip to the beach.
that is funny. i live in a house with a large garden
hello. i am a lawyer. i am in my profession.
oh that is nice. i have a dog named sarah.
i am 36, and i don't have a phobia of heights.
i am terrified of heights too. i ride my bike all day, and hate heights.
i love to visit places like that.
yes i have, i have been there. i don't have kids yet.
they are my friends. i am a christian and i am not religious.
oh, that is nice. i am more of a workaholic. i hate being still.
i like to photograph animals and work with them.
i don't have any hobbies. i am too old for that.
i like to take pictures of animals, i also like to walk dogs.
that is nice i live in a birdhouse
do you like birds?
i am retired, i am currently a banker.
i used to teach geology but now i am more into ice fishing
no i like cold weather i like the cold
i eat fish in my store i like the store ice cream is my favorite
i bet that is fun i like to snowball fight
i have never been out in the cold but i will be back soon
i live in california
i know the place but i am looking for new places to go
i am thinking about the heat
do you gamble?
i don't but i love them
i like to do ice walks. do you like movies?
yes, i am a huge fan of all genres
i love movies. do you like arctic explorer?
i have but it was nice to meet you
i am good just enjoying a nice glass of scotch
that sounds good. i am getting ready for a workout
it is a great idea. i like to write short stories about my life.
that sounds interesting. what is it?
thank you. i am excited for the future.
i like to watch movies and also rap music. what about you?
i like dark movies too. i like dark superhero ones too.
i have never been to a horror movie.
i don't eat meat. i like to drink scotch.
i like rap music and i like working out
that is cool. do you dance?
that is cool, i like that.
i have been working for a while.
i wrote a lot of short stories.
dark superhero stories. do you like to dance?
no, i am in college, i am a biology major.
what do you study? i am a college student
i am studying biology and have not done much since i was a kid.
oh i see. what do you like to do in your spare time?
what city is it? i am from the united states.
i have lived in the us, i live in a small town in a big city
wow. that is impressive. how old are you?
what do you study? i don't know what i want to study.
i don't know, but i have heard of them.
that sounds like fun! do you have any relationships?
i am not that fond of her.
oh no!! i would not want to die by a whale!
wow. i am in college and studying biology.
i would love to. i work at the grocery store.
i am going to study biology to be a marine biologist
i am a singer and lead singer. what do you do?
that is cool. i am a singer, love to sing
i have been in a few years now. i don't have a family.
do you write about them? i am an introvert
my dad wrote my first book in school
i write romance novels
that sounds like a fun life
i bet it is. i am just taking my money
what do you do for fun?
i have 2 cats, one of them is a lion, and one is a cat.
yeah, i hope you get to travel a lot
i work for a publisher.
do you drive? i drive a mini van
that is interesting, i have a good memory of that
it was great to meet you.
i am good, how are you?
i am a truck driver for a living. i work in a warehouse.
oh nice! i have a cat named jenny, and she is a bit of a burden.
wow, you should get a cat! that would be a nice change!
they are all the same. how many do you have?
that is cool. i don't have many friends at home
i have a long family. i have one child, a cat.
no, i am a little older than you. i am a little taller.
i don't. my mom is very short. i am a kindergarten teacher.
no, i don't. i like watching horror movies.
i don't. horror movies are my favorite.
i like watching them.
i like crocheting and reading. what do you like to do for fun?
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i don't have time to go hiking either.
do you like cheese pizza? i love it.
awesome! i work out on my ranch and love to cook.
that sounds fun. i work as a hair stylist
oh, my man. i love working out.
i like beans, i also have to cook them for christmas
you sound like a nice person.
i will, thanks for the gift, i am going to celebrate christmas with you
yes! i bet. i am a huge fan of football.
i know right? what do you do for work?
that is terrible. i am sorry to hear that.
it is not good. i just need more work
i am sorry. do you pray?
thank you.. i hope so.....
i am good do you work
i am good. i work as a nurse. what do you do?
cool, i am in high school and my senior year is going to be next year.
that is awesome. i have a lot of responsibility
i am a junior in high school. i want to be a doctor.
i am sure you will enjoy it. i like to ride my bike
i want to go to ud for a doctor.
cool i have 2 kids and a grandkids
it is pink. do you have kids?
i have a lot of grandchildren
that is a lot of grand kids!
i am 24. do you have any pets?
i have two dogs and a cat.
i have four dogs and 2 cats
wow you are older than me
i am studying to be a marine biologist. do you have any hobbies?
i like to party and drink while studying biology.
i am also a vegan. i love listening to country music.
i really like country music. i don't like to party.
i cannot work because of a disability. i don't work at home either.
i am from the states. i grew up in the us.
yes, i knit hats and go to the hospital.
you should use a hat, i will make a hat for you.
i would like to, but i have to work at a hospital
that is awesome. you have a lot of friends?
i am sorry. are you an artist? i am allergic to animals.
what do you want to do with your money?
you will make them happy, i will
me too. i love them.
i will, but i cannot work right now because of a disability
hi i am great! how are you?
what is going on today?
its ok, i love the purple day
its sunny, and so is my job
i love plants, love to garden.
i am a bodybuilder, so i am very active. i like to eat lots of meat.
yeah that is great i bet you enjoyed it
my mom works as a secretary, so she is very protective of me.
yeah that is pretty cool what do you do for work
i am a doctor and a bodybuilder.
i am a full time student. what about you?
nice! what do you do for a living?
i work in a factory, but i don't get to do anything outside of work.
i love clubs. what kind of food do you like?
you should try that. i am a singer. i love singing.
i don't like dogs, but i love to run and read.
i am doing good. just got home from eating dinner. what about you?
i love beans. i am a doctor.
oh nice. i love italian food. i have one dog, he is named horton
i have a vintage ferrari. i love it.
do you like to walk? i love it
i am a pediatrician
i have always wanted to travel to europe.
what do you do for a living?
what are you studying in europe?
you could drink and watch movies and have some drinks
i like to read about travel and travel is fun
i like jazz too!
i am good, how are you?
pretty good. just finished a long run. i am doing some exercise.
good morning, i am wondering if you are ok.
i don't think i do either. i am very active.
i love dogs lol i work at a carnival.
i have two dogs that are very protective
i love comic books. do you have any?
yes i do i like to cook
i am too busy working at a carnival to read them.
i like to unwind with my dogs and cats. they love red wine.
i like to eat a lot of scotch.
that sounds like a good one. i like superman
i love the light side of the drink
oh wow... that is awesome. i also like movies.
nice! i am always writing short stories for a living
hi, i am doing well. just deployed from the south korea
i am in seattle. i drive a minivan.
it is. i am a young male in the army.
i am in school. i teach kindergarten.
since i was born. i am still in the army
i am from texas. how about you?
i am from california. i have never been to california.
that is great. do you enjoy it?
yes i have been there a few times.
i would love to visit there. i live in seattle with my two roommates.
not really, i am a young man
i would not know much about it. my teacher is always there to help
that is great! what do you do for a living?
i am too. i am just trying to keep my life busy
i am in the army.
hi! i am sam. i play sports and live with my little sister.
do you bake?
i do, my little sister is my best friend.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for work?
wow. i run a blog about body building.
i see. what kind of items do you sell?
you should read my blog about rabbit rescues.
books about old folks, the undead, zombies, and the old.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
yes! what do you like to eat? i like making muffins.
he is probably a good choice. i just need some time to eat.
oh i am sorry. what do you do for work?
my work is in body builder, but i am competitive.
i don't do you? i am an engineer.
i love frisbee. i just had surgery
oh ok. i have never been to the jungle.
i am sorry to hear that. i eat sardines for breakfast daily.
i am a bacon junkie myself.
i don't think i could handle eating sardines because i am always working.
well i am going to get my surgery soon
i have a lab. it is not working.
oh that is a scary operation. i prefer bach
what kind of music do you like?
i speak english as well. do you like spanish?
i am not sure i have learned much in english.
i am sorry to hear that. what else do you like?
i learned it from a native of europe.
oh, i really like to be an engineer, i am a engineer
no, i have not. i would like to make a meal
i have been to the ocean many times.
i just finished working in a delivery truck.
i am not. i am on a long tail.
i have to go fishing. i want to visit my parents.
i live in a city, i work for the hospital, but i don't have time for that
cool. what do you do for work?
no, i don't. i don't have kids. i am in school.
that is good. i don't want kids. i like being alone and alone.
i love animals, i love spending time with them.
i would like to be in a boat, i live in a big city.
i have not tried it yet.
i don't know if i could ever go back. i am single.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i am good thanks for asking
i am a giver of giver food from the hospital.
i am sorry to hear that. i love music. i am a musician.
i have not done that since i have been working at the hospital
i love classical music, i love bach though.
i am vegan, but i cannot work right now because of a disability
i eat bacon a lot. i love bacon
i love bacon, especially when its raw
i hate bugs, i don't like them.
i think you are right
i don't understand that language, what do you like to do
no i don't speak them
what about yourself?
what do you do for work?
how long have you been short?
i am five feet tall
oh no. that is too bad. i need some help.
i am not sure what to do with my dog.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a student. do you have a girlfriend?
that is great, i would like to help you. i work in the health industry
my girlfriend thinks she is short and says that she is short too
i work in a healthcare department
i work at a university where i travel and go on adventures
what do you do for fun?
i am a student, so i see a lot of healthcare
i am a computer technician, but i don't work
that is great. my girlfriend does not like it, but i have a lot of friends.
i am 19 years old and i am in school
i am in south korea. i served in the army and now live in puerto rico
i am in the military too
i am 20 years old, i am a violent person
that is a good idea! i just stole my boyfriend in high school
that is not good, i am a thug, i am in the army
that is crazy. are you a white supremacist?
no, i was born in south korea, no worries.
do you have any kids?
i am not smart, i am a violent person
i am sorry, i will be ok, but i don't want children.
awesome, what happened to you?
i am not, i have kids but not right now
what is wrong with your friend?
since i was young, i have not been married
i am afraid they are nasty and want to kill you.
it is cool, i am not scared of spiders and snakes, but i am a science fiction author
i have never heard of that
blue, but i did not graduate with a degree in engineering
i went to a school in florida. i am a truck driver
do you like apples? i like apples that are blue
i drive a truck... i love it.
that is cool. i am not sure how many different things i have
yes it is a lot of people don't know i have seven kids
i don't have kids, but my parents passed away two years ago
i grew up on a big farm
i grew up on the farm. i have no kids.
oh i am sorry about that. i hope you are not lonely.
i was a science fiction author and loved it.
oh wow! i did not know that
i am from chicago, how about you?
do you have any tattoos? i have one.
yes, i have a tattoo of a bear
i am sorry. i will get one soon.
i teach in a teacher class
that is a lot of kids!
yes, i am so close to mom
what do you do for work?
it does take a lot of reading. i read a lot of books
i think so, what do you do?
i have seven siblings. i love them.
yeah. i hope so. my husband and i are going to be married soon
i am sorry.
i am nancy. my parents died in a car crash.
oh ok. i am a candy nut.
it is alright it is sweet but not the same
that is cool. i enjoy ice cream and sardines.
what kind of ice cream? frisbee is my favorite
i do i love frisbee, i play soccer in college
i am in college now i am going to school for accounting
yeah i am a secretary for a soccer team
i was in school too but i listen to music when i play frisbee
i like everything music.
oh that is cool. i play frisbee and watch tv for fun.
not really. i am more into podcasts
oh ok. what kind of car do you drive?
i don't know much about it
i was a cop once
i am good and you?
i am doing well. what are your hobbies
i like to ride my bike to relieve stress.
that sounds like fun, i like singing
i don't. i work as a nurse, what do you do?
i am a model and i work for a modeling company
do you ride your bike or a truck?
do you like me too?
thanks. i don't work anymore.
i love them too i am single
i am married with three kids and six grandchildren.
i wish i had a daughter
she is a model. she is getting a cage.
i love animals i love to sing too
i am depressed because i am depressed.
oh... do you have any pets?
i love pets and animals. what kind of animals?
no i don't have one i am a cat
i do i love animals i work as a kennel cleaner
i used to use to be in the military but i am wheelchair bound now
what kind of animals do you have? i have a cat and dog
oh i see. i go to the shelter often
3. how many?
i love her, she is my best friend
i am. she is my niece. she is my boss. she is great
no, i am too old to work. i am a retired soldier.
oh my! i am sorry to hear that. i don't have a dog.
i am sure you do. i used to be a soldier. i get tired easy
i am old too
i am sorry. i have a lot of spare time
i am good. just got done with my nails. how about you?
do you have a pink nail?
yes i love pink nails!
i would love to go to texas and go to cali
no, i am on a diet now.
awesome. i am about to age 30.
well, i am on a diet now. i am a big junkie
i have a kid who is 6.
i have not. i am a horse trainer. you?
i have not tried that but i would like to.
i am trying to lose weight but i am too old for that
my parents are proud of us, but i am trying to find a new job. i am trying
yes i am happy to have my heart set right
do you have a favorite thing to do?
no, i just like it. i have a fan on facebook.
sure! i have a golden retriever, he is my favorite.
wow. i am a girl.
a girl. i am a stepmom. how about you?
no, i am in class with a girl.
nice! i got a degree in computer science and have been studying models cars for years.
oh cool! i hope to travel to other countries soon
i have a dog named ginger.
i have a dog named ginger.
that sounds fun. what are your hobbies?
that sounds fun. i love drawing.
i love them! it is a classic! i watched it once.
i love the song titanic
i like to write and watch movies.
i read a lot of it
maybe you could write about that one.
i am good, how are you?
i am good, just got home from work.
that is great! what do you do for a living
only when i am taking a break from drinking water.
oh wow that is good
it is hard but i try to stay in shape and find a job when i am not working
no i am too busy with my projects
do you work out at all? i am a part time worker
well i am really sorry about that. i am sorry to hear that.
oh that is horrible i am going to the hospital soon
you should try getting help in the community
i am happy being alone i try to stay positive
i don't know how to help myself
i am single, so i don't have much time for him
i don't like people much
i am doing good, how are you?
i am great. just listening to oldies music.
i am a huge metallica fan. you like metallica?
i am looking forward to spring. i also enjoy playing racquetball.
that sounds fun. i love to run. i love cold weather.
i also like to play ball. i play the piano in my spare time.
i work in a managerial consulting firm, but i am currently looking for a manager
i am a retired accountant. i am still in school.
that is not too bad! i hope you have a great retirement!
that is awesome. i am excited for it.
what do you like to do in your spare time? i love going to concerts.
i am going to the south. i have been wanting to go to chicago.
i have been to wisconsin. it is beautiful.
i love the beaches, especially the beautiful ones.
i would love to visit alabama. i would love to see metallica!
i have a brand new house
i am sorry, i am allergic to candy. i will try it once.
oh that sounds good. i have a sweet tooth!
i would love to learn how to make brownies
i run my dogs on the weekends... and on the weekends with a dog
i love the outdoors! i collect weird stickers
i am going to dance to my favorite selkie dress!
i will take that and teach you.
maybe i can! i don't want to be submissive.
can you do that?
i don't know! i just want to be friends with you.
i like to read poetry.
that is so cool! do you like poetry?
of course!! i will make friends with you.
i will bake a brownie for you!
good how are you?
do you like sports? i love watching them on tv.
i like watching racquetball. do you like sports?
i love watching sports on tv. i also like watching football.
do you play any sports? i am a soccer player.
that is a great sport.
i hope i am not too old for that. what do you study?
i am a college graduate, so i am not in school yet.
oh i am sorry to hear that.
do you have any kids? i have a fiance.
that sounds so great.
thank you. god bless you.
thanks for the words.
i am doing ok. just got off work.
i am doing a lot of cooking this morning i had a sardine today.
i make a lot of barbecue, and i love to grill
do you have a favorite dish? i love sardines
i lift weights alot in my spare time.
i don't lift but i love animals
oh wow! i like watching horror movies. i also like watching horror movies.
hmm. i don't know how to watch horror movies. i just watch frisbee.
yeah i am. i drive a forklift.
that sounds like a lot of fun. i don't like people, but i do enjoy fris
i know, i just keep my head down and listen to my heart.
thank you, i am sorry to hear that. i have been in surgery.
that is very funny! i am so tall and so clumsy.
it was a baby born but now i am sorry
i don't like to chat but i am going to a horror movie tonight
i am good. i just got done working on my dogs name charlie.
i am great. i just got my cat, cat, and roommate.
i am from australia. i am a stock broker.
i live in seattle, but i have roommates
i am in australia, my parents are from there.
i just got my degree in business management and i am working on my new apartment
i am sorry, i am a stockbroker. i am from australia.
i am the only one i have money for
i think it would be fun to do that.
not really. i don't know.
what do you like to do?
i don't have any cats, but i have two cats
oh that is great. what is your hobby? i have a pet dog named charlie.
great, just got done restoring a classic car.
nice i am taking a break from working on my horse
i love hunting, i am the one that repairs cars.
i love music, john denver is my favorite.
i like classical. i also like country music.
i love john denver. he is my favorite musician.
i am sorry to hear that. do you work?
i like to cook meals with food from my farm.
that is cool. i have to work on cars.
i am a horse trainer. i love horses.
that is nice. i am a handyman
i am not sure if i can afford that. i work out all day.
i am not sure i would eat shellfish.
i am doing great, how are you?
i am doing well. i just finished playing softball.
oh cool. what do you do for a living?
i am doing fine. just got off work. i am a program coordinator at a youth center
what do you do for work
i am a teacher, but i don't like it.
i love nyc for the kids
do you like to have fun
i like to watch tv mostly
i like to sing and play softball
i like to go rollercoaster races
i am a good joke
yeah but its boring
i don't like jokes though.
it is not
i am doing great, how are you?
great! i am eating italian food.
sounds good. i just got back from walking ginger
i do, i like to sing in choir too.
i have a golden retriever, but i have a golden retriever ginger.
i do, i am in a program that helps troubled teens
i am tired now. do you have any hobbies?
sounds like fun. i love going to the park
i did in college. i was on the team.
oh, that is awesome. i love taksho
i love softball. i grew up in the film industry
i am not good at it, but i will try it
i love the movies about the movies
i agree, they are so interesting
ok, do you teach?
yes, but i am more into music. i am listening to nirvana
i am annoying. that is why i am in college.
i have to wear headphones to listen to nirvana
biology. how many countries do you travel?
what do you do for a living?
i have traveled to europe 6 times.
nice, i like traveling too.
i like to go to the northernmost part of europe
oh cool, what do you do for fun? i am a police officer
i love paris and its gorgeous
i do, i enjoy listening to nirvana. i am more of a musician.
nice! do you have any hobbies?
i listen to music on my ipod and listen to music while i am in my studio.
i am good, how are you?
i am doing great! just got back from a cross stitch and quilt.
me too. i am listening to some rap.
that is too bad. i am a baby boomer so i have to do that.
i love my gym membership
i do cross stitch and quilt.
what kind of exercise do you do
i do it when i am not working out.
that is a lot of time.
she is 5 months. she is so cute.
that is a good age to be young.
i would love to be a model, but i am too old to. i am a baby bo
that is nice. i love to write. i am also a poet.
yes it is. i wish i could be an american but it would be scary
oh, i am a painter, i paint
i am from ohio and how about you?
i am from california. my best friend is a robot.
i love my old classic cars! they are my favorite.
do you like cars? i love my gmc
i love her. i am married and have two kids.
it is, but i am homeschooled so i have to stay home.
that is okay. i think you are a nice person.
i was not sure what to expect, but i don't have to worry. i am homeschool
that is awesome. i bet she is very talented
i am. i am the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to
my wife has a pediatrician she is a genius!
a robot. my best friend is a robot. how about you?
what is your favorite subject? i like to read.
i am doing well thank you. how are you?
i am doing well, getting ready to go to a new york city
i am an actress. i am also a cook. i am a professional cook.
i am in a band, and you?
you sing? i am married with kids and bake
that is awesome, i am hoping to go to the beach next year
i like reading and cooking. what do you do for fun?
oh no! i am so fat i cannot even eat enough to fit in.
yeah, i don't like to read. i like to spend time with my family.
you sound like you are good at anything
it is a skill. i love to cook.
i am a good actor, but i have to do my best to keep up
i have not even tried cooking rice. it is too hard for me to do.
that is a lot of work. you have to be very organized.
haha. that is what makes me a good actor
i am great, just finished a cookbook.
i bet that is a lot of work. i have a lot of cars.
i sing to the theatre. it is my favorite!
i am a nail technician. my dad gets me a new car once he has a car.
oh no. why did you break it?
i do. i dance to my dad.
i don't i try to keep active
do you like horses
yes i did! i watch him every day.
cool. my dad has a horse. he is a dealer.
that is cool. do you have a car?
i do, i am on a diet now, and eat healthy.
i love to write
hello, i am single, but want to live a little more
i don't have any pets. i am homeschooling my child.
my dog is a leper but i love him.
i like my dog too
i understand. i would like to be a chef.
you have lots of fun
lol. i wish i could be a chef. i am 32.
i am home schooling my kid
i am a chef but i am terrified of dogs.
that is nice. what else do you do for fun?
i like to be creative and have hobbies.
i like fishing and going to the lake
cool. do you have a favorite genre?
i like books too, do you have any hobbies
i am not a big reader, but i have a lot of friends.
good. just finished studying for my exam.
i am studying education, but i am in college. i am in the midwest.
i am in law school. i am studying to be a lawyer.
i am in college studying for college. are you into sports?
i am studying to be a lawyer. what do you do for a living?
cool. what kind of music do you like?
cool. i like dance, but i am a lawyer.
oh, dogs are awesome! what do you like to do for fun?
my girlfriend is from new york, so we travel a lot.
i don't have one. i just go to college.
not much, i travel a lot and go to the best places.
i travel with my friends a lot. i don't have a big plane.
that is cool. i hope to become a lawyer.
yeah, i can teach you. i am not a rapper, but i am a singer.
i could. my girlfriend lives with me, so i have decided that is the best choice.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am fine. just got done with school.
i am a full time student. what do you study?
yes i do. i am a fast food worker.
i am old. i live in bora.
i am 26 and i just dropped out of school.
what do you do for work?
i am a high school student. do you work?
i am sorry to hear that.
i would. i am not sure i would like to move to a city.
you are very kind person.
yeah. i hope so. do you?
i am a stay at home mom and dad.
i am good how are you?
i am doing well thanks for asking. i have been working out.
i made a rug out of a blanket.
that sounds great. i am working on a diet, so i have time to exercise.
i am a carpenter, but i don't have many friends.
i am more of a fitness junkie myself.
thank you! i have three kids and love them
i feel you! i am very active.
i am good with that. my wife and kids are all so good.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
i am sorry to hear that. i quit smoking and have a wife and 3 kids
oh, i am sorry. i am in a very bad relationship.
i need to get some help
that is why i am very active, and i exercise
yes i am good. i am pretty healthy
i am a medical student at the moment. you?
that sounds like a good idea
no, not at all. i am just a regular soldier.
i am from cali.
i am from the states of ohio, ohio, and texas.
it is a beautiful state. i am currently in a little office as a secretary.
i am a tech in my field
i am in the automotive industry i am an auto mechanic
that is cool. i need to find a job in the field
yes i was on a soccer team that had to get a job
i have to work a lot to get a job there.
where do you live?
no. my mom and dad are single and i own a wheelchair.
hi i am i am joe. i am a lady. i am married.
i am, but i am not sure if i can wait to be out of the state
what a sad day!
i am great, just got back from the state i live in
i like the civil war antiques
i have never been out of state, i am in tae kwan do
no, but they are funny and don't scare me.
yes they are! i am the teacher
that is awesome! what is your favorite animal?
nice! i have a dog that is a great match for my dad.
i love the smell of mangoes, so i am going to a bar.
well that would be nice, but my mom would not let me
i live in the midwest, but i have a different accent for my dog
my dad is french but i don't speak french.
oh no! i am allergic to mangoes.
i am good, just got back from the gym.
i am good. i am just a little tired from a long day.
i am great, my father was a police officer. he was a great musician.
i used to play guitar. i used to play the clarinet.
i play the piano.
i like music too. what do you do?
rock, country, country, country. what about you?
the band is called michael jordan. they are pretty cool
i like nirvana
what is your favorite band?
what do you do for work?
i am a retired military man. how about you?
i am a police officer
oh i wish i could get a pet.
alligator. i don't care if he is a vampire or not.
hi how are you doing today?
good, just chilling with my furry friends.
it is a lovely night here in texas, where i grew up
yes, it is. i was born in cali.
i am from nyc. where are you from?
cool. i like video games.
i am a crochet enthusiast, do you have any hobbies?
not really. i am just a guy. i am just into second life.
yes, it is cold, but warm.
i am a little furry. i am still in texas.
i love the fur of zebras
its black. i have a lot of hair.
yes, i have a dog, he is named mike.
i don't. i am from the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the
no, i am in the midwest. do you have pets?
hi! i am a collector of weird stickers, i would love to learn how.
lol i am watching tv!
no i don't i have no kids
i like watching movies and tv a lot, i don't like exercise
i like to collect art, especially weird ones
cool, what do you draw?
i like to take pictures of things
i am a homebody so i am not good at anything
i am a girl, and i am a girl too
i am a girl and i am married to my husband
i really like people
i would like to but i am not ready for a girl
i am not sure, what about you?
that is cool i hope you like it
oh i see. i think the world has to be big
i am good, and you? i am a lawyer in oklahoma.
that is nice. i am a nurse and i am an hourly delivery.
what kind of culture do you work in?
it is nice being single, but i am happy being single.
no i don't. i am religious but i love to pray and listen to the gospel
no, i don't. i don't want kids though. i work a lot.
do you go mountain climbing? i love it
oh no. do you drink water?
i drink watermelon ice
i don't like sports. i don't like sports much.
i like to eat out and eat out
i like food that is healthy.
do you have any favorite foods?
i am very happy being single and alone.
it is. i am an attorney and i work as a lawyer
i like shopping for clothes and shopping for clothes.
i like metallica music, but not for me.
i really love my sister and i have a lot of fun.
yes i work as a manager for a big corporation
i am single and i don't have a sister.
i have two brothers, are you married?
yes 2 brothers. i am looking for my first full time job.
maybe i will. but i am too cold. i am in the middle of a cold weather gig
i am pretty hot. i have a good skill.
do you study?
yeah i have seen a lot of them.
i live in wisconsin. i live in a garage.
do you have a favorite place to visit?
i am okay, how are you?
i am good, just graduated from college and i am learning to walk.
cool. i play the guitar in a band
i like to walk in my large bike.
i love the outdoors too. i am glad my family is here in arkansas
do you like your job?
i am a batista
i have tattoos of my own.
are you addicted?
what do you do for a living?
i play cards and play cards in a little bit
that is cool. i am a biology major
i am a batista
i am a biology major.
i teach math
no. i am not religious.
oh, i have no idea what that is. do you work?
i am a criminal defense attorney in oklahoma, what about you?
that is cool, i am a graphic designer.
i have a bunch of supplies for the weekend
what kind of photography? i love painting
cool. i have two dogs so i have to keep them in a cage.
i have two little girls and a cat
wow, that is a lot of friends. i have two dogs and two cats
i am in california. i am in hawaii
where are you from?
i went there last week, i have been there before
i am a lawyer, i have a big family in oklahoma
i love you and i am an omnivore
haha i am not classy, i am afraid of heights.
i am a big fan of ravens
well, i just got back from serving in the military. i used to have a wheelchair.
awesome! i am more of a outdoorsy type.
he did not like me. he used to be in the military.
i need to go backpacking sometime.
well, you are old. i am old enough now.
oh. well, how old are you?
wow. you must be very old.
i am 32, but i don't think i am old enough to walk.
i used to be in the military. i have a wheelchair now.
not really. i ride in a wheelchair.
do you like the weird stickers?
i was. they were not great. i really want to learn how to draw.
i am a low income apartment person, i don't like animals
that is not good. i would rather have a big family.
my dad is a high school dropout. i am in a crappy apartment.
my husband has a lot of work to do, he is a good cook.
i live in a low income apartment, i hate it.
that is terrible. i am sure you would find a good place to live.
i am a cop in a very corrupt city
you must be a good student, i want to be a professional athlete
i am a huge vegetarian
i do love bacon, its my favorite, but i don't eat it.
i don't like bacon. i just don't like to walk.
i just had a dog when i was a kid, but i would rather stay home with the kids
do you work with animals? i don't.
i am doing well, just chilling with my best friend.
well i am good. i am taking a picture of my 3 guns.
i have not seen a good movie yet, i just bought my first robot.
i am from the south of chicago
i am homeschooled so i am in school right now
oh, what do you do for fun? i am a hunter
that is awesome. i love to play with my robots.
i am a parent, i spend most of my time at church, so i don't have any
i like to hang out with friends
cool. i am a schoolteacher
that is not good you are not doing well.
i live in wisconsin so i think i might move to the big city
i am so sad i cannot even see my best friend
i am sorry to hear that
i like to eat and cook
hello darlene. i am sam. how are you?
i am great, just listening to some music. you?
i am good, i like to go to bed early.
i like to drink iced tea, i like to coding
i don't have one, i like kids
that is awesome. i love coding, what kind of books do you like?
i like to make crafts, i am homeschooling my child, so i like to make crafts
do you have a family from canada? i love them
i am homeschooling my child so i can make things for them.
that is really neat. do you have any hobbies?
i have a cat that i feed to every day.
do you have a dog?
i like to make crafts with them
my favorite thing to do is drink some iced tea.
i want to buy a new iced tea
no. i am studying biology. i am a marine biologist
that is cool, i went to college.
i am pretty studious. i have friends and family.
i am more of a red cross. i have a favorite color.
i want to be a marine biologist
i am a nurse. i would like to be a veterinarian.
i hope to be a marine biologist. i want to go to the states
yes, i live in the city.
do you live in the usa?
oh cool. i am from the usa.
it is beautiful. do you have any hobbies?
it is. i like the color green.
it is! that is what i meant when i said fall.
i love the fall too. i have a huge collection of teddy bears.
do you like sports?
hi, i am good. how are you?
i am doing well. i just finished hiking.
nice! i like to go hiking. i love the outdoors.
i like to go camping
sometimes i go camping sometimes
i don't go to lakes or rivers
yes. i hope to see the world.
i don't know. i don't think it is a coincidence
do you watch tv? i love to watch the games
i am listening to music while hiking
i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite team?
i am a rock rock star and i am a rockstar. what about you?
no, i am more into the purple and blue kind of stuff.
i love gardening. i also love to hike and camp
i love working in the factory. what do you do?
i am good. just trying to figure out how to respond to them. how are you?
wow! i see. i am about to go see a concert.
i love concerts, and i love rollercoasters too!
cool. i was born and raised in california. i like concerts.
oh cool. my state is in a different state than it is here!
i wish i did! i live in ny and am from alabama.
i love traveling. i have never been away from the state.
i have never been. i live in the midwest, so i don't know what to say
very nice. i am a martial arts teacher and love to fight
i am a teacher but i love karate. i am a karate master.
that is cool! i am a huge fan of kung fu
what do you do in your spare time?
that is great! what kind of music do you listen to?
i have not, but my goal is to win.
i have not ever been away from the state i live in.
hi! i am doing okay. how are you?
doing well. i am hunting for polar bears. you?
that sounds interesting. do you hunt them?
yes they are. i hunt for them and eat them
i hunt them too. i have a long tail.
no i am a geology teacher, what about you?
how long have you been hiding?
no rocks i am more interested in fishing for food
i stay away from my family and friends.
oh i am not a fan of the ice. it is dangerous.
yes, i bet. i love the smell of the lake.
i wish i could get back in there.
i love searching for a new heart.
no i am afraid of the loss of everything
that is awesome! what kind of rocks do you like?
i am doing good. how about you?
i am good! i love john denver. he is my favorite musician.
that is great. do you like it?
oh, that sounds exciting! i work out every day
i am thinking about traveling to new places. do you have any hobbies?
i am really into horses and food
i am in new york. i live in new york. you?
do you like college
i am a scientist, and i like to travel.
do you have any hobbies
i was in a group of jewish religious students.
that is really interesting
it was. i just got a job in law.
i work in a farm
what kind of farm do you have?
i am great. listening to some tunes from my favorite singer
i am doing great! just got back from working at a hospital.
i am good. how are you?
i am good. just finished eating a muffin.
i am 5 feet tall. i am a gymnast.
i am 5 foot. i am a pro athlete.
you don't like people?
i am working in the healthcare industry
i do. i am in tae kwan do. what do you do?
yes i work in the healthcare field
what do you do for a living?
no i am just a pet guy
what kind of phones do you sell?
i sell medical records and movies
i have never been. i am 12
i am a male and i am good at building things.
nice! i also build model spaceships.
i am married and have kids. i don't get out much.
you are very smart, i build models for fantasy videogames
no i am just a maker of things
do you have any other major besides your major?
that is awesome! i am only 40 so i am not as good at it
i am not into sitting still. i play videogames
i don't play any games. i am still in high school
that sounds like fun. do you have kids?
i am a boy but still play games
what kind of games do you play?
i have. i like mexican as well.
do you make models?
a lot of things. i build things on my hands. do you have any hobbies?
i am not eating, just eating a lot of meat. you?
i am not much for mangoes. i am allergic
ah, that is so yummy. i am a bodybuilder. what is your favorite snack?
i like collecting antiques
my brother is a bodybuilder so i am pretty good
wow that is so cool do you like my hair
i am a bodybuilder and you?
do you have any kids
no i am not i don't know how to pray
i married three times and lost my husband
i am sorry to hear that
do you have any hobbies? i love collecting antiques
i don't know my brother
i have been married 3 times but i have never had a dog
oh i don't know how to plan on that
i am good. just relaxing in my homebody. how about you?
i am homechooled. i am an assistant teacher.
cool. i watch tv alot. i watch a lot of tv.
my best friend is a robot and i spend most of my time at home.
i am more of a homebody, i don't like exercise
i bet he is pretty cool, but i am homeschooled so i am not a fan.
i am not that great at it, i don't exercise
i live in california, so i don't get out much.
i am from cali, i am a homebody so i can see my husband talking about it
i like california. i can not wait to try it.
where are you from now?
where do you work? i have a homechooling schedule.
that is awesome do you have any friends
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing great just finished breakfast
i am not a huge fan of breakfast, i am a lazy cook.
i am sorry to hear that. i hate eating bacon
i don't eat junk food i am too fat
oh no! bacon is the only food i really like
that is very true, what do you do for work?
ah well its not always busy, but i have to
i hope so, i have a cat and two dogs
i love dogs and cats, i am a vegetarian
i love dogs! what kind of dog do you have?
i am very busy
i am not really into hobbies
i like to listen to music and i am really into bach
i like to sing, how about you?
hi! i am doing well, thanks for asking.
doing great. just taking a photo.
i am a student, i am a teacher
that is cool. i remember that day very well.
i like to play with my guns
that is awesome. i love eating healthy, so i can get out and sing
what do you do for a living?
i am a model. i sing. i am in a movie.
that sounds like a lot of fun
it is, i don't want kids. i want to be a famous actress.
i am from the states i am from texas
its a great time.
do you have any plans for the weekend?
that is cool. i have a girlfriend who is in ny.
they would probably
great! i am doing well, writing a romance novel.
nice. i just finished my graduate school, i just finished college
i love romance novels. i have been in writing for a while.
i have not read it yet but i would love to read it
its about a pet, i have a cat.
i have a cat named arizona, but i am a bit of a cat person.
i have a cat named mary.
how can you not? my brother just got married. we are just hanging out.
i have two sisters. i live far away from them.
oh, you are right. i have never been there. what is your favorite book?
that is cool. i have lived on the far coast, but its so cool.
i see, that is very interesting. do you have a sister?
i don't. they are just so distant.
wow, that sounds like a lot of fun! i have not been to greece in years
yes, i do. i like to read.
great, how are you?
i am good. just got back from working at a truck shop.
nice! i was in the army when i was a kid. i sing karok to help
that is cool. i am a bit of a mystery junkie
i like the color of my hair
i am scared of getting sick.
no i am not colorblind, i like to sing karok
i see blue and i am just a wild animal
i love to sing karaoke to my friends and family.
that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
i am not very good at makeup, but i will be fine.
yes i am. i am wearing blue jeans and a button down shirt.
that is cool. i would love to go to the karaoke bars
i don't know if i could dress up as a jennie
i am colorblind so i don't really know what i want
i am good. watching a movie. you?
what do you like to watch?
i love it, i just got done playing a game.
i love fantasy books, but i am more of a fantasy fan.
do you like to exercise? i love it.
i have two part time jobs so i have to be flexible.
what do you do for work?
i don't feel the same.
that is true. i am very much in my husband.
no, i am too busy working. i want to write fantasy books.
okay. do you write?
i bet. i am always online. how about you?
thanks. i have a lot of free time to write.
thank you! i think my fantasy books will help.
that is so nice. i think i will just relax and watch some movies.
hello, i am good. just got home from work.
i am a homebody so i have to work.
i love to be a bear, but i have to use my collection of teddy bears.
i do. i see movies and tv. i love watching movies and watching tv.
i am from a zoo. you?
i love the hugest hugest.
good for you! do you like to talk to people?
i bet he is a big dog!
i bet. i love my big collection of teddy bears.
i have not, but i do enjoy it.
i have a large collection of teddy bears.
wow that is amazing! do you like movies and tv?
i have a big collection of teddy bears too.
i like watching movies and tv. do you like movies?
the comedy series. i love comedies and have a large collection of teddy bears.
hello i am a teacher. i am from the suburbs.
i am a democrat. i don't like the news.
i work in a fast food restaurant. you?
i don't work, i just watch tv
i use computer tech to make money.
i see. i can read and use computers for news, but i don't like the news!
i am not familiar with computers. what do you do?
read is good for the soul, i read as much as i can.
well i am into sports and i love the outdoors. do you have a favorite thing?
i am more of a runner, i can run in the mornings
i have to go to work today, i am just getting ready for the marathon
i watch a lot of the news on tv
i am too nervous to go running
i am sure that you feel the same way.
that is why i live in a city so much so i feel like i am living in a big
i am good. just got off work from the university.
i am going to have my grandkids to look after me.
just got done doing some shopping, i just got done driving my volkswagen.
i am a baby boomer, so i don't. i am still learning.
i am a senior in high school, i want to be a doctor.
i am a military doctor
awesome! i am a senior in high school, and i want to be a doctor.
that is awesome, my dad was proud of us!
that is awesome! i am going to buy a volkswagen in august!
yes i do. i enjoy working out.
i love fashion and clothes. do you like the color?
i do too! i also love to shop!
yes, i am still in school, i want to be a doctor before i get older.
i love shopping! i am going to try and get my hands on a pair of jeans.
i do too. i have a volkswagen beetle, so i am always looking.
i like to hike and take hikes in the mountains
do you have a passion for art?
i am more into the arts and do you like to travel
i like to hike in nature too
that sounds fun do you hike too
i do sometimes, i love it. i like to hike in nature
i have never been there, so it is a quiet place.
i also love cooking
i don't have any hobbies, i am more into music
no i don't know him
i love him, he is my favorite singer
do you have any weird stickers?
that is weird. i was in the school of fire.
an album cover of his album
do you have any pets?
hi jane, i am a baseball fan
wow i am a factory worker! do you have a job?
i work in the factory. i am single. i am a delivery man.
that is a nice job! i love to garden and spend time with my family.
i am single, so i enjoy being alone. i drink water though
yes i do, i like to garden too. i like to pool
me too. drinking water is my favorite. i am happy alone and single.
i hope you are ok. it is scary. i have never seen the surface.
i drink a lot of water, especially water sports!
oh no!! you must not like it.
i am happy being single. but it is hard to overcome being alone.
i am not a lone person. my life is so much more than just me and my purple garden
you are welcome! i am happy alone
thank you! i hope you have a great day!
yeah i bet they would. they are my fear of water
hi janice, i am mia. do you have any children?
cool. i am in high school, i want to be a doctor.
i am also in college. i am homechooling my child.
i am going to be a doctor, i am a freshman in high school.
that sounds like a very interesting profession. i like to make crafts.
oh cool! i love shopping and fashion, what about you?
i am allergic to cats!
i am 17. i am looking for a car to drive.
wow. i am so sorry to hear that. i am homeschooling my child.
its okay. i just drove my volkswagen on the road for a while.
that is awesome. i am going to school for cooking.
i will be going there as a freshman next year.
that is so exciting. where are you going?
i want to be a doctor someday. i love fashion and clothes.
oh. i would like to be a designer.
hello, i am good. just got done with my weekly sermon at the synagogue.
i am going to the camping area. i am going hiking
that sounds great! i am a real estate agent in north dakota.
i served my father in the army
i live in north dakota, but i moved there once.
i am from dakota what about you
do you have any pets? i have a dog.
sometimes i go camping with my friends.
nice. i enjoy fishing with my friends.
oh that is awesome! what do you do for fun?
yes i do. do you have any hobbies? i love fishing
that is so great. do you have family?
she is a very nice lady. i work in advertising.
hello there. i am a vegan, so i cannot work. i am unable to work at a
i am a computer programmer.
no i am in a shelter for chronically disabled people.
oh wow, that is really horrible. i am in a coma.
it is okay. i am trying to make a vegan dinner for my babies in the hospital.
oh, i am not much of a cook. i am a programmer.
yes, i am glad i have time. it is so much fun.
i am a computer programmer and a tech blogger. what do you like to do?
that is cool. do you have any pets?
i don't have any. i don't know how to get rid of them.
what kind of person do you like to hear?
what do you like to do in your free time? i like to listen to country music.
that sounds like a lot of fun!
i am sure he is. i can knit you some clothes.
what else do you enjoy?
hi i am doing good. how are you?
that is good. i am having a baby.
i have 3 and they are all ready to bed.
i don't know why.... i am sorry
i think i am getting old. i would love to be with you.
they are my favorite. do you have any hobbies?
i understand... i don't think i could cope with my weight.
i will try to find a show that will not let me do that.
i don't like it, its not good enough.
i like the office show. its my favorite.
that is good. i wish i could talk to you more.
i love to go to new york for concerts.
no, i love it. i am happy with my weight.
i am sure i will. do you have any plans?
i have been planning on it for a while.
i am great, just got done working on my new job as a manager.
i like gardening and cooking, and gardening. i am also a gardener.
i love metallica! do you like music?
i am a musician too. do you have any hobbies?
nice! i am a manager of a consulting firm.
i work as a horse trainer at a ranch. i also enjoy cooking meals with food from our garden
wow that is a lot of work! do you have any family?
that is cool. i love working out, cooking, and cooking meals with food from my garden.
i like to hang out with my brothers. they are my friends.
i love my job, its relaxing. what do you do?
that is a lot of responsibility. i am a huge fan of metallica.
it was. i was raised on a ranch with a large family.
i work in a big corporation. it is hard. i am a consultant.
wow! i live in california. i am from wisconsin.
i love them! i have two brothers, one is a drummer.
i do, i hope to visit them every week.
i have my own hospital. i want to see metallica
i am a college student
oh, that sounds like fun! i am listening to some music on my laptop.
i use to play guitar. i also have a drum machine.
i love art, i do it all the time.
nice! where do you live?
i live in hawaii. i like hawaii. do you travel?
i am in cali and i am looking for a college.
i am 5 ft tall, do you like art?
i also have a razor. do you have a job?
that sucks. i love them
so what do you do for work?
awesome. i just started at a research lab.
it is a part time job. my uncle and aunt don't want me to go to college.
i am in college. my mom had to cut her long toes, so i am going to eat
oh ok. do you have any siblings?
hey! i just got home from the kindergarten.
i am a writer so i write romance novels
i want to buy my own apartment
its pretty good. i work as a writer.
i love shopping for things to wear and stuff
i would love to, but swimming is not my thing.
that is nice, i like the beach
that is cool. my two cats don't like me either.
you should take your education to seattle, i have one of the best teachers there
yes, its just too hot for ramen.
it is a thick noodle soup with a thick sauce
i have never heard of them.
i don't eat fish, i love fish
i am good how are you
i am great. i have just purchased a big garden.
oh that sounds like a lot of work. what do you do for a living?
i enjoy going to the garden. i have a large garden
oh, i wish i could teach law, but i am not sure what i want to do.
i will be studying biology as well, but that is not a major.
wow, i have two more years left to go. how long have you been married?
i have two, i am single.
what is your favorite thing to do? mine are my siblings.
i am sorry. i am sorry. i am not sure i will ever see my parents again.
i have two, they are not in school anymore.
oh, i am sorry. i would love to go to a friend friend.
i am. i am single. what do you do for work?
oh, i bet! do you travel a lot?
no, i have not been there yet.
i am good. how are you?
i love music, i am a sucker for taylor swift
i am sorry. what else do you do?
i like to paint and spend time in my spare time
i like to cook and work out. i love horses.
wow! what kind of talent do you have?
it was. i love to cook with food from our garden.
i am a student. i am taking a history class.
that sounds like a rewarding experience!
i am going to make a list of all the restaurants that have opened in the city.
that is awesome. i also enjoy cooking.
that is awesome. i wish i could cook with fresh veggies.
i eat a lot of veggies.
i am a subway sleeper
that is a good way to live.
hi oreo! i am a writer. i write romance novels.
i am drinking the night air
i have never been. i write romantic novels.
i am a young man i am in the army and need to get out
i also write romance novels. i am not a big fan of alcohol.
i am not really into it but i am a violent person
it is ok. i am a writer so i take my medication.
i am not that angry about bacon
so what do you do for fun?
i am sorry that was bad
i would like that, i have two cats, i live on the island.
nice do you go to school
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a sister?
she is great, she is a good mother
you can see my passion.
great, i am doing great, and you?
i am eating pizza. what do you like?
awesome. what do you do? i am a priest.
yes, i love the color purple, i work at a pediatric hospital
i bet that is nice. do you binge watch it?
it is amazing, i work there for a living, and i am very proud.
thanks. what do you do for a living?
i am a registered nurse. so my job is mostly to help kids.
cool, i love writing fantasy books
what do you like to write about?
i like the color purple too, but i have to binge watch it
i have a favorite book. you?
yes i do i want to write fantasy books
yes but i don't have time to think of a good plot
i don't think so
hi suzanne, i am john. i am a freelance writer
i am doing good. i am just finishing my cod and drinking iced tea.
good! i am good. just got done with my two part time jobs.
what do you do? i am a programmer, you?
yes, i love to cook and binge watch the lord of the rings
what kind of food do you like? i am an avid chef
i love to make gouda and potato salad.
what do you like to do for fun?
i love to read and to binge read.
i like to read
i enjoy going to the lord of the rings.
i love to watch movies. i am a huge fan of the oldies.
love movies. i like a lot of them.
that is really cool! i am not very good at it
they are not. i want to write a fantasy book myself.
hello, i live in bora. i have a turtle named timothy.
i like timothy a lot! he is a model spaceship player.
no, i don't, i like to meet new people.
that is cool. do you have any friends?
do you like fantasy videogames? i love it
i am in the north. what about you?
i don't drive much, i like to drive around on the beach
where do you live?
i am currently a nurse.
i work as a model for a medical tech company.
i am in school, but i have always wanted to be a teacher.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
i like to cook and spend time with my turtle
i like to cook too. i am a huge fan of toaster ovens.
i just make sure i am not making too many recipes
i am doing great. i am tired. i work out every day.
i am doing computer programming
oh, that is cool. i am a huge fan of john denver.
no i don't. i prefer listening to country music
i love to ride horses.
what do you do for fun?
oh, that sounds nice. i am a music buff.
do you go to concerts? i listen to country music when i am not working
you should. i am just planting my favorite vegetables in our garden.
that would be a great goal.
it is a good career choice. i love working with horses and cooking meals with them.
i am in the country. i like the music in the country.
i like cooking meals with my vegetables. i am a vegetarian.
no i am a dark horse, i love coffee and light
wow that sounds interesting. i have not tried it yet.
i am good, thanks! how are you?
great, just got home from shopping.
that is good! i bet that is a good thing.
no, i got some clothes for a night.
that is neat, what color is that?
yes, i got a pair of scrubs and a pair
what color is your costume?
i love to cosplay. i love shopping for clothes.
so what else do you like to do for fun?
oh, what do you do for a living?
i am homeschooled, so i cannot afford to.
i have just completed my education as a registered nurse
that is cool. i am homeschooled so i know a lot of people
i am doing well and you?
pretty good, just got back from a battle.
i love it i love it i love it too
i am an old man, i am not a very good person
i am 77 and my birthday is coming up
how old are you? i am retired, and i used to be in the military
i am in business school
what do you study? i was in the military
that is cool. i am the first time my parents passed away.
do you have a wheelchair?
you are a diabetic? i have had to amputate my leg
i used to be an old man in the military but i am now retired.
that is nice. i love to see the zoo.
i am well, how are you?
pretty good. i am reading my fantasy books.
i am from california. i am homeschooled.
i am a fantasy writer. do you like it?
not really. i like to coplay. i am homeschooled. you?
i would like to name him lord of the rings.
his name is bryan. what is yours?
i have never heard of sparky. i love fantasy.
its pretty cool, i am homeschooled so i would like to be one of those.
i love to watch lord of the rings. its my favorite show.
yes, i have, and i am homeschooled. i don't have a movie theater though
that is so cool! i will go costume up and pretend to be a hobbit.
no, but i do a lot of work.
i love to dress up like a hobbit, you?
i don't know. i could help you.
i am doing good, how are you?
i am a kindergarten teacher and i work out so much i am a huge fitness fanatic
i am a nurse at a local hospital.
i am a fitness fanatic and love to swim
i love to cook. i like to cook more than i like to cook.
cooking and swimming. what do you like to cook?
i like veggies, but i don't like onions.
i eat healthy i love to swim.
oh you must be very strict. my dad does not approve.
yes, i have two kids and i love swimming
i work in a hospital.
i am a kindergarten teacher. do you like it there?
i have never been to california. i don't like reading.
i love to read and do fitness stuff. do you have a favorite book?
i am an older guy. i don't have a favorite.
i am good and you
i am good. i work nights, my husband works nights
i am a school teacher. do you like school?
i am a stay at home mom and i work all day
i am a full time student so i don't have much time for hobbies.
i live in the city
that is interesting. where do you work?
it is really rough, i am not happy with my weight
i am not. i work as a cashier. what do you do?
i am a very expensive food. i am not very happy with my weight.
yes. i am. i also have a long tail.
what is your favorite thing to do? my husband and i are both felines.
i am a female fish, and i am a baby.
hi! i am good. i love to skate.
i am cutting my own hair. i need to cut my hair short.
do you have any hobbies?
i love to fish. i am a huge fish fan.
i live in california and am moving soon.
i love my boys. they keep me safe.
that is cool. do you like to sing?
i am going to hairdress school, with different colors.
i hope so. i am not great at singing. i don't sing very well.
i don't sing. i just do some of my favorite things. you?
i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite color?
no. i have never heard of her. i am going to hairdresser school.
no, i am not a fan of breakfast. i do like skateboarding.
i am doing great, how are you?
i am good, just getting my degree in music. i am a student.
i work as an estate agent for the past 12 years
i am a teacher, i teach kindergarten and i love italian food.
i teach environmental science.
i have seen it all, i am in school.
yes they do, they are very supportive
i don't like the invisible parts of it.
that is true. do you have any goals?
that is why i am so critical of school.
i am trying to be more environmentally friendly.
oh that is interesting. i don't know what the future holds for our planet.
oh i see, i am always right and i have been on the right side of things
hi, i am eric. how are you?
do you have any hobbies?
i like to sing and spend time with my cat
i am 32 so i have a lot of pets
no i don't own a home
do you have any other interests? i love romance books and movies.
i love reading. i have a small home but i don't own a home
i make my own clothes. i also sew clothes.
i am in high school, too!
i have never heard of my apartment. i don't like the feeling of dogs in my apartment.
yeah i would like it
i am a single mom so i love cooking and movies.
you could go for a trip with me
i am doing well. i am just working on a new video game jam.
that is awesome. i love to read romance books and movies.
i love drama. i play it all the time
yes, i like drama a lot. i would like to be a chef
that is a good thing, i am also a musician, so i love to play
i am trying to make it work
so what is your favorite genre?
i am from california. i live with my parents
i am from california. i love the beach
that is nice i am from the city
it is a beautiful place, i am trying to get out more
oh yes it is. do you like to swim?
i am from florida but i am from florida
oh yeah its a lot of tornadoes
yeah, hurricanes are really bad. i like to read drama books.
it is going well, thank you. how are you?
pretty good. just studying to be a lawyer.
i am a nurse, so i spend a lot of time with my kids.
i am 43. just studying to be a lawyer.
i am in nursing school. what about you?
oh cool. where do you work?
what do you do for a living?
i am a lawyer. i travel a lot. you?
i used to do that but i am not good at it.
i am a blogger and i have been blogging for a while.
i blog about my work as a nurse
no, i will not, but i will ask you to do it.
i am not sure what you mean
i am doing ok. just getting back from homeschooling.
i am running a marathon.
nice. i have a guitar, i am homechooled.
cool. what kind of music do you play?
nice. i have a pretty good job.
i work at pet smart, but i live in new york. i am a musician
i am a tattoo artist. you?
i don't have a job. do you have pets?
what do you do for work?
my dad was a cop.. and you?
aww! i am going to fight you. you can beat me up!
that is sad. i bet they did not get beat up a lot in high school.
i am home in my city, i live in a suburb
oh... i am working on my music career. i am a musician.
yes, i am, my best friend is a robot.
i am great! just eating sushi. how about you?
doing some frisbee. i am doing well.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i work out.
it was a huge surgery. i am pretty bummed. i have been playing frisbee since
what kind of job do you do?
i have been there... i have to keep going. i have to get my feet wet
yeah that is why i listen to rap music
do you like cooking? i love cooking
i like salads. i eat salads with tuna.
i love salad! and bacon. i love salad too!
i love sushi. it is my fave.
i just finished high school. what are you studying?
i am so sorry. you can not beat a band.
that sounds like fun!
you are welcome! i will be chatting with you later.
hello! it is going great, getting ready to chill out. how are you?
cool. where do you work at
i live in the countryside. i love to cook and garden
that is nice. do you have a car?
i love to walk to work lol
i love that! i love painting too!
my favorite artist is john denver
i love taylor swift, she is my favorite singer.
i love to cook and garden.
i work in a grocery store.
oh i bet you are pretty busy
nice! i would love to have you around though lol
i like john denver, he is my fave
he is a singer but i am not good at singing
he is a drummer and a singer is a great career
i am doing great! how are you?
i am doing pretty well. just got done with my day at the pet smart.
what do you do for a living?
i cleaned up after a break from a concert.
i took my dog to the park and taught him to walk.
that is cool. what kind of dogs do you have?
three pitbulls. i have two cats and 2 dogs
oh wow. that is a good memory.
i love uconn. i have a lot of kids.
i was an officer and spent a lot of time in the police force.
do you have a degree in it?
i work in a music department. i like to run.
i am a teacher, but i am working on my own business.
that sounds like a great time.
yes i would! what do you like to do?
hello, i am jane. i am a male. do you like working?
i live in an apartment in chicago. we are neighbors. you?
i am in a condo right now. i have two kids.
i am moving out of my apartment. i am in chicago.
nice. i build things with my hands
i live in a hotel.
i would love to visit but i am divorced so i don't get out much
i have an arkansas tattoo. i have a tattoo of my husband.
i am a tattoo artist
i have some of them. they are a lot of fun.
i don't have any kids but i love kids
that sounds like fun. do you have any kids?
how long have you had kids?
yes. i don't think i would.
do you like to do anything fun?
i love to cook! i am a huge fan of john denver.
that is ok. i am not very creative.
i am sorry. i am very big on kids. i have a huge horse herd
i have a few, they are all grown up
i am a priest, i am a bit more humble
i am 5 years old and i am not playing any sports
they are 9 and 9. do you have any children?
no, but i have a small family
that is cool. do you like to cook?
that is awesome. i am a bit of a celebrity.
you should go to a diet
i am just reading the bible everyday
i am sorry to hear that, i don't know much about housewives
rosanne is the best dog ever
i am actually a little older than you!
i am doing very well. how about you?
i am doing good, just reading some mysteries. you?
i am 53 years old.
i am 21 years old. i am only 11.
that is cool. i am old enough to be older than you
i am a kid. i like reading and driving.
why you don't want to leave the state?
where do you travel?
not really. i am still in school.
do you live in the country?
its a state. its a beautiful place.
i am from california.
where do you live? i have never been there.
i am north west of me. i am from the south.
yes, i was born in the usa.
i am great. just got back from a marathon.
wow that is great i am a pediatrician
i love dogs, i don't have any, but i do like animals.
no i don't. i have a job as a pediatrician
do you like to run? i do.
i am a pediatrician
i would not be able to do that. do you have any animals?
no i am a pediatrician
oh cool. i work as a fast food worker.
yes i do i love wendys
i don't like burgers either, but i do like fast food.
i have to cook them to keep from overcooking
yes, i like to make them with lots of things.
i work at a restaurant, i have 6 older sisters and one younger brother.
i am a warehouse worker. i lift weights.
i enjoy reading paranormal romances, i have a stutter
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you have pets?
i love to stay in shape and stay healthy. my siblings and i are so old!
i am not a kid. i am a grown man. i have a sister
what do you do for work?
i work in a warehouse. what do you do?
what kind of work do you do?
oh i see. i am not in school.
i want to be a chef. i am currently working part time.
what do you do? i love photography!
not really, but i think it would be fun.
i am good, just listening to some music. what are your hobbies?
yes i do. i love listening to music.
i love bluegrass. i grew up in a firehouse.
oh nice. i was born with a tail that was removed from me.
i was a firefighter, i love it.
he was a skater, he taught me to skate.
you sound like a good person.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
they are. i am sorry to hear that. they are very sorry.
do you have any special gifts you would like to share?
oh. i am sorry. i have a hard time keeping up with my three children.
i am sorry to hear that.
he was ok. i wish i could have died.
that is nice. what do you do?
i don't know how to put my talents into action though.
i am a mom of three kids.
thank you. thank you.
hi, i am in the army, but i was born in puerto rico.
i used to be in the army. i now have a wheelchair.
i am in the army, but i am disabled so i can not walk.
no i was not. i was retired.
i am serving in the army. what do you do?
what do you do for a living?
i am in the army, so i get a lot of time to study.
i have a wheelchair that i can use to go to terrains.
i was born in puerto rico. i am an american, so i don't have
yes, it is a lot of work.
yes it can, that is how it was before the war.
i did not get any. i used to be in the military.
oh. i am in the army. do you travel?
yes, it is better than a cold drink after a long day
i like fashion. i am a fashionista.
yes. i love shopping. i also love shopping for things like clothes.
i am a writer and a huge fan of short stories.
what do you write about?
i am a writer for a living.
i am in college. i am going to be a doctor.
oh, that sounds like fun. i would love to go to a carnival!
i am sure. that would be fun.
yes it is. i wrote a short story about it.
tell me more about you. what are you up to?
i am a writer. i am just a kid.
that is a good thing. you can always use some time to relax.
i drink scotch while relaxing
i drive my volkswagen.
i am doing okay. how are you?
do you have any kids
yes i am five foot tall, how about you?
that is cool do you have any
i take care of my trash bag. i have no kids.
i don't. i am a fish collector.
i eat fish for fish. i love the smell of it.
a bichon fish. i love them.
that is interesting. do you work in a lab?
i see. i am thinking of looking at the list
i am 5 foot tall and am a poodle.
what do you like to do for fun?
do you stand up?
do you walk a lot?
i am 5 feet too tall. i also clean out cages
i am good. how about you?
that sounds fun. i hope you do too.
yes! i have been married four times. how about you?
oh, i am sorry. my parents are proud to be american and i am proud to be
he passed away. i faked a british accent to look more attractive.
wow. i am sorry. i am sorry. you can use my cross stitch and quilt to
the police. they cut my hair because i pretended to be a british accent.
that is interesting. do you have a funeral?
sorry to hear that. i am just working on my civil war antiques.
i am a soldier and my dad served in vietnam.
oh no! i am sorry. i have been with my husband for four years.
i am sorry. i am glad you are not allergic to guns.
i hope she does not.
i hope your wife does not. do you have any siblings?
what is your favorite past time?
good, how are you?
i am doing well, just got back from school. how about you?
its going well. i am just studying for my homework.
that is good. i just got home from school
i am a writer
cool i am in school
i am in school and i love to listen to music
why do you not answer?
i am in school for music... maybe i will go to school
oh you sound very popular
i like country music. it is a great way to relax.
i like country music too
i like everything.... and genius
well that is good i feel like you have a bad day
are you 5 feet tall? i am...
hi! i am good! just relaxing with my two cats and dogs. you?
i am a soldier in south korea
cool. i like to exercise a lot. do you?
i am not sure yet, i want to be in a bad mood.
i am employed as a chef, but i am not used to it.
i have two dogs. they are very friendly and stay inside.
that sounds very nice. what do you do for fun?
do you like sweets?
i like to read, i also write diet cookbooks.
i love to read. i have a really hard time reading.
my favorite book is the dieting business
i like to cook. i am in the army, but i am also a violent person
do you like to exercise?
i was deployed in south korea and my job is a bit hard.
what kind of food do you like? i enjoy exercising for long hours.
no i am not. i just got done studying law.
i am a student. i am a graphic designer. what do you do?
oh wow! i hope you are. i have got two more years.
i am in school. what do you like to do?
i am a student, what are you studying?
i am a sales assistant. i sell graphic designs.
i am still in college and i want to be successful.
no i don't have any siblings
oh wow! that is a lot of fun.
i was born and raised in a very small town.
you must have a very interesting name.
my name is katie. what is yours?
how nice. do you have a favorite color?
i am good. just got home from a long day at work.
nice. i am good. how are you?
i am a model and i write articles.
cool. i am an actress, and i love to surf.
that sounds like a lot of work. i live in new york.
i live in california.
i live in nyc and am currently working as a model.
i love surfing and skating.
yes i love to surf. do you?
cool. do you have any other hobbies?
i like to sing.
what is your voice?
i am single. i am not good with kids though.
no. what are you up to?
i have one.
i am doing great how are you?
i am a mechanic and love to ride motorcycles
cool. i am a model. i auditioned for a lot of movies
i live in chicago. i have a lot of friends there.
that is cool. i am single, want kids.
that is good to hear. what do you do for fun?
no mom, i am single and she does not like me
she is so young, i don't know how to deal with her
that is not a bad thing. i am the star of a famous actress lol
no, i have not. i had to stab my father a few times
that is so cool. what are your hobbies?
my dad hates model, but i do like model
i am sure you look pretty good!
not me. i just don't get along with my dad.
yeah that is awesome, i live in new york so i don't have to live outside
working out, listening to rap music. what about you?
i am in texas. i love it there. you?
i am in california. i live in a home
i live in texas. i live in california too.
i just got back from a taco stand.
yes. do you have a computer?
i just got done with work out. i am trying to find a new job.
that sounds like a good thing. i am a good person.
i am traveling too. i just got back from a long day at work.
i live in texas. i spend a lot of time on the weekends.
i don't know if i could do that. i like to workout.
yes. i hunt for one every day.
that is a good thing. i don't like the outside world. i am close to my family
yes, i do. do you have a brother?
do you like rap music?
i am doing good. i just got back from playing a gig.
i am not much of a party person. i am single and love my dogs
yes, i have a sister named alicia.
do you have any pets?
i never left home. i am moving soon.
very young. my dad was always telling me i was too young to travel.
i never got to go to school.
no, i have to focus on my diet and exercise
that sounds like a lot of fun. i am a dad who drives a semi.
yeah i try to stay active for a long time
i really like to party when i am not playing gigs.
do you have any free time?
that is awesome. i also enjoy to party with my sisters
hello, i am doing great, how are you?
i am a nurse at a local hospital.
i am an interior designer. i love to watch the lord of the rings.
sounds interesting. i am a writer and i enjoy reading.
i am hoping to someday be a writer. i have a child, but i am a big fantasy
i am a stay at home mom. i don't want kids.
that is great. what do you do for fun?
i am a full time worker. i am a mom.
do you have any siblings?
i work in the delivery department.
oh, well, its a bit of a busy day.
yes. i am off to work at the moment.
really? that is a long time. i am a doctor and have no spare time.
that sounds like a very fulfilling job. i work in delivery, so i try to stay positive.
do you have any plans for filming the lord of the rings?
i am good, how about yourself?
i am doing well, just got back from my three dogs.
i do. i am cooking a big dinner every day
do you like to cook?
i love to make my own meals
oh you are a dog lover?
yes i don't i love them
i have three kids, three dogs, and two cats.
no i don't care about animals
i have 3 dogs, two cats and two dogs. what about you?
that sounds nice. i am a manager of a restaurant
i have a business, i sell things for fun.
he runs a real estate business
i own a business too, and i bet he can save a lot.
no, i just make meals for my family
i am great, just enjoying a long walk in my hometown of albania.
i am doing good. i am a knitters at home.
that sounds fun! do you like to knit?
i love to cook
i love italian food! do you like it?
i am vegan so i am not very good at cooking.
i am a vegan too, so i eat a lot of it though.
no i don't, i don't even work. i am disabled so i can do that
i love reading books and travel
i love to read. i love to knit hats. i am a huge fan.
traveling, but i love it. i like going to italy.
that sounds like a really great adventure.
what else do you enjoy?
oh, i am a husband and i am doing this for my kids.
i am good just eating some cheese pizza
i am good just thinking about trying new things
what kind of cheese do you make? i love cheese pizza
oh that is a lot of cheese pizza, i don't think i could do that
i am sure they can. i am trying to eat my pizza
what do you like to do for fun?
i am a christmas fan
i don't have time for football
do you like what they say?
i like kids. and we are married.
i love watching football, what do you like to do?
i like to cook and read.
hello, i am doing great. just finished working on my horse.
i like to hike and explore the outdoors. i like animals too.
hiking is my favorite. what is your favorite place to hike?
do you collect ants? i am a big ant collector.
i had some steak and cheese, but i would like to be a mustache artist.
are you allergic to those? i have a weird sticker on my face.
what do you do for fun?
you should try all kinds of food, but they are expensive.
i bet you could get lots of them.
i don't. i am always working to make it easier to find an ant.
that is great. i want to retire soon, but i am not sure if i can.
i hope so. i want to be an artist. i will try anything!
that is great! that is something i will enjoy.
i can draw and draw with you.
oh yes, that would be so cool!
i am doing well. just finishing my schooling. you?
i am great. my husband and i are both pediatricians
i am a registered nurse
i am a pediatrician. i teach children.
oh wow! i feel like i am a close relative to them.
that is cool. i love my family. i have a few vintage cars that i like.
i enjoy shopping for clothes. i like shopping for things like mermaids and blue jeans.
you sound like a pretty good person. i would rather not be dishonest.
that sounds like a lot of fun. what do you do for a living?
oh. i don't blame you. it is okay to be lucky.
i like it. i am single.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like it?
i like the color pink, but i really like the color navy.
i have a color that reminds me of the classic color green.
i would say orange. i would say blue.
i am fine, thanks. where are you from?
wow. i hope your father is okay. i don't have a therapist.
i am sorry, my mother was a therapist too.
wow. i can do that. i am a model space girl.
oh, that is a fun goal! what do you like to do for fun?
i like to build models with computer programming.
i am always working on my hobbies.
i like to play with my mother. she is a doctor.
i don't see him much, he is a little peeved i am not in a car
i don't blame you. my mom is a doctor and i don't have any
oh, i understand. i am glad you did not pee
i am sorry. i have a young son.
you can have a dog! i love dogs!
i am doing well. just got a son.
i am great. just got back from a band i work with.
do you like to hike? i love it.
i like to stay inside and snow and snow
i do. i like it in florida.
yeah, where are you from?
where do you live?
i don't have much time for hobbies
i work in an accounting department
i am not hiring. i am looking for a new place
i would like to go to the city. where do you live?
that is great. what do you do for fun?
yes, that is very important.
i know. i am the same way. i am just my two brothers
i am 20. i am a single mom so i am still young.
i am doing well thanks. how about you?
i am doing good. just watching the green tree
i have never seen one. i don't like it either
it is a great show. i am a devout catholic
i like it when i watch the mountains
that is cool. i am a nurse
that sounds exciting. i take my three dogs and my cats with me
they don't have much fun. do you have any kids?
do you swim in the mountains?
i like to hike in the mountains, sometimes i hike to find food.
i live near some mountains so i would rather live near my dog
i don't know if i can go there and visit my god
no i don't really have much practice
i don't have any specific colors, do you?
i like the color purple. i love hiking
hello, i am good, just finished cooking some pasta.
i am good, just finished a delicious meal.
i have a lot of friends and i make a lot of clothes.
oh wow. that sounds like a healthy meal.
i do, i eat healthy, like my mom.
i am a cook. i love cooking and i am an expert on cooking
i like making my own meals.
i love to cook. i have a lot of vegetables.
i make clothes for my mother, so i have never had to cook.
cool. what do you teach?
she did too. she is a very important person.
i understand. i am going to go buy my apartment one day.
yes, she did. she made me adopt a stray cat recently.
i bet she does. how about you?
i am sure she does. do you have any pets?
i am well, listening to some country music. you?
i am a professional skater, do you like bluegrass music?
that is great. i am trying to get my music practice in to canada.
i have never been to hollister. i am in school.
i want to swim, but i am young and want to swim
i am a skater, i travel a lot.
that is cool. i work at a hospital as a pediatrician
i don't, i am in new york, not very far from here.
i live in canada. i am from new york.
i am sorry to hear that. i am afraid of cold.
its okay. just talking to you
yeah, i am not a fan of cold weather.
oh. i bet that is pretty nasty!
i am sorry. i have been working at hollister for two years.
you will send me a cake with iced tea!
hi how are you today
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. i like to be around people.
i like to make crafts and take care of my kids
i would be surprised if you had never been in the army.
i like to go to school for crafts
that is a lot of work.
i am homeschooling my daughter. she is a little more developed
i am a cross stitch and quilt maker.
that is so cool. i am only fifteen, so i am old.
i am. i am 26. i am still very young.
do you have any pets?
yes, i have a dog. he is a cichlid
i am fine, and how are you?
i am so happy that i am not sick. i am on a diet.
i am sorry to hear that. i am poor.
i have a dealership so i would not have to pay for a car
sure i am going to be there.
thanks. i will try and get my nails done next week
that is ok. i am currently working on my apartment and roommate just got done
thank you. my life is not easy. i am a busybody
i do marketing. i have one roommate who wants to sell cars
yes i help my dad with his car dealership
i am going to college soon, maybe one day
i understand that. do you have a job?
thanks for the chat. nice talking to you!
thanks for chatting with me. i am on a diet now.
i am sure it will be nice to have a cat
i am great. i am relaxing with my sea creatures. you?
oh nice. do you live in a room mate?
it is very expensive but i love it
i am a teacher so i live in seattle
do you go to the beach?
that is interesting! do you like sea creatures?
i have a cat named kittie. i am the only girl in my class.
that sounds interesting.
it is! i don't like my long wavy hair. it is too long.
i am a teacher. i am in the middle of a school year.
i love it. i also like to go out with my friends
that is awesome do you play a lot?
i play board games with my sea creatures i love to explore
i cannot do that. it is too dangerous.
yes i bet! i like to swim. what do you do?
great. i am enjoying a day of hiking. i am in ohio.
i am good, just got off work
what is studying? i am studying accounting for a job
i like to study biology.
i like hiking and being outdoors
that is good. i like to hike but i prefer to party.
that would be great, that is great. i have two boys, they live in ohio.
i am sure that would be a lot of fun.
do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend? i am single and single
i am sorry to hear that. i love it.
it is okay but i don't have the time to do anything
i am sorry.
i am sorry to hear about that.
what else do you do?
yes i do
great! i am going rollercoasters with my dad
i visited europe recently. where do you like it?
i have never been out of the state i live in, but i am in texas
i have never left maryland, but i do want to travel.
i would love to go to kansas.
that would be awesome.
i am 12 and i still don't know where i am
you must be very young. i have to go to italian food at the restaurant
i love pizza
i don't really have a favorite food, but i like italian.
oh, that is a good one. i like italian too
that is interesting. do you have any pets?
no, i don't. what else do you like to do?
i have a cat named tupac.
nice! what is your favorite subject?
i am working with my boss niece so i can keep going.
i am going to be in college. i want to be a doctor.
what do you do for a living? i am a veterinarian.
that is cool.... i am a bit of a fan of my volkswagen beetle
what kind of music do you like to listen to?
i like simple plan, the only thing i dislike is music.
oh, do you have any kids? i am a cat person.
i am in high school, too, so i am a junior in high school.
i am in college. i work at a shelter so i am not very outgoing
sounds like fun! i am going to be a doctor for my junior year.
yeah, it is. i am a jerk
i will bring her out for a date
haha, that is a good thing to have, what is your favorite thing to pick?
i am going to be a doctor soon.
that is a good idea. what is your relationship with your person?
hi there! i am doing good. watching soccer. you?
what kind of music do you like to play? i listen to nirvana
yes, i love all kinds of music. i like all kinds of people
that is cool. do you like me?
i have never been into music, but i do like listening to it on tv
i have never heard of them. i love nirvana.
no pets. i do have a cat though. what about you?
you have cats? i have a dog.
i have a dog, he is a golden retriever
i have to bring my dog to my shop, so i have a pet hubby
i do that for fun. i do play with my favorite toy, soccer.
that is what my dad was. he was a cop
i like to follow the rules, but i am not very religious
you could say that you are an intelligent person.
i am a rebel too. and i am a student.
i like playing poker and playing cards.
i like to go to fantasy videogames. i am a huge gamer.
that sounds fun. do you have a spouse or kids?
no, i am retired. i have a computer science degree
i used to be a doctor but i stopped. do you still live?
yeah, i am thinking about becoming a model engineer. what do you do?
that is great. i am sober but still drink
what do you do for fun?
no. just relaxing. my wife and kids are enjoying it.
yes, i do too, i have to keep on the running.
i would love to travel. i am in texas now, and you?
i would love to go to africa.
i love videogames! what is your favorite videogame?
i like all kinds of videogames.
very cool. i play poker with my wife and 3 kids
hi, i am doing well. i have been reading about you. i like you.
i am a celebrity so i am not so good
what do you do for a living?
i am not sure what country star is, but ginger is my first child.
yes i do, my family is from canada.
do you have a dog?
do you have a computer?
i think its a good thing to have a computer
i know how to do it, i am a programmer
i love pets, i have a golden retriever named ginger.
no i am a young adult. i am from canada and love to travel
i have seen the movie titanic ten times. i live in florida.
that is cool. do you have any pets?
i like jazz, but i never really been to a jazz band.
cool! i don't watch tv much. do you?
i like to party when i am not playing.
cool! i love sweet things, and jazz. i love all kinds of foods.
i am a student, but i am going to be a singer next year.
i am sorry. i don't drive because i live in new york. i cannot afford a
i drive around in a car, i love it.
cool, i am not even a cyclist. i am not a big fan of running.
my sister is a bit of a freaky freaky freaky freaky freaky freaky fre
i have three brothers. i have no siblings.
wow!! i have 3 sisters!!!
its not. my family is very small.
that would be so cool. i have to keep my sisters busy
i cannot stick together, they don't like me
i think i am going to go see a concert next week!
wow, you are very nice.
i love cross stitch and quilting. do you have a favorite author?
i love folk music and sing them on my guitar
my father is a welder and he loves sewing.
i just bought my new clothes from my mom
bubbles are cute! i don't know what that is
that is awesome. what do you do for work?
you should! i like reading about cross stitch and quilting
how fast can you go?
i am up early in the morning, i hope to come out soon.
me too! my mother was a nurse so i had to learn how to make clothes.
i am a proud american who served in the military
i am worried about the environment
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
i am fine, i am just sitting here talking to my friends
i live on a faraway island, so i live in new york.
i am in california
i am an accountant for a living
i am in sales and i am an assistant
i was a writer for a newspaper.
i design graphic design
wow! that is tough!
it is. i don't eat meat. i am vegan.
i don't eat meat but i do eat chicken sometimes.
i eat veggies mostly
i love veggies but i am a vegetarian
do you like music?
yes i love music.
i love football. what do you like to do for fun?
i love football too. i am into martial arts.
do you have any pets? i have three dogs, i am a hairstylist.
no pets, i just love dogs
i am too busy with my hair stylist job to have time for a pet.
i don't work, i am a high school student
i love to cook. what is your favorite holiday?
i love noodles. i like to eat them as well
yum. i love cheese pizza. i love it.
i have not, but i do like it
i love hot days too. do you like eating them?
i have never been away from the state i live in
i am a christian, so i am not much of a foodie.
that is great! i am always on the go!
halloween is the best. what else do you like to do?
i am a dog person and i like to sing
no. i am not. i just bought the house.
i am not sure if i would like to help you with your shelter.
i run my own dog obedience school. i am an extra.
i love to sing folk songs. i am a folk singer.
what do you do for fun?
i am sure you can help. do you teach?
i do. i am too sweet for it. do you?
that is so nice of you! i hope i can teach you a little.
that is sad. i would be so sorry.
i love the earth! i am a knitters sewing lady, and i sew clothes
that is really great. i just finished building my new house
i am sure it will help, but i don't know what i would do if i were to
i am a bit of a crabby person, but i have a lot of people.
i am a huge city dweller, i live in a large city
i am in the city of alabama. i work as a kennel cleaner.
i live in a big city too, i paint in my spare time
i am a music buff, but i don't like music.
i do like to paint you will like me when i am not working
taylor swift is annoying
i shop at the grocery store
that is good to have a boss who does not
that sounds like a good thing, i would like to see that
i am not much into music. i prefer simple plan
i like taylor swift what about you
i don't know much about you. what kind of work do you do?
i am a horse rider too, i love it
that is funny, i have horses
i am good. just listening to my favorite singer barry manila.
wow that is a lot of work.
not yet. i have three cats and a dog
i have a dog and a cat. he is very friendly.
that is awesome. do you have a favorite indian culture
no i am not i am a native american.
i am not a fan of american indians, they are a little bit weird.
yes i am. i don't believe in anything else. i am religious.
i don't know much about it either
yes, i am sure you will.
that is true. i have 3 dogs and a couple of cats
i love animals, they are so much fun!
i have 3 dogs, two cats and two dogs.
i don't have any cats but i have a cat
they are cute. i have 3
i like to play guitar. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. what kind of music do you like?
what do you do for a living?
i am a student in college
i am a professional batista and i try to be a good one too
i am in college studying to be a teacher. you sing?
i mean it is pretty good
do you like soccer? i love it.
i love playing the guitar and playing with my brothers
that is cool! do you have a big family?
we have a house in chicago
i live in california. do you live with your parents?
nice! so what do you do for fun?
i am a nurse and i love caring for people
oh that is interesting. i love being a marine biologist.
i love to ride my bike. i have two dogs and a cat
cool. i like to party and drink.
i would love to, but i have grown so many kids
that is great. i am a student so i don't have many hobbies.
yes, and they are getting ready to party
maybe i will come back in a few weeks. i am a student
yes, i am a teenager so i have two kids
i am sorry to hear that, i just don't have the time to chat.
i would like to take care of my three grandkids, but i have to go
oh, that is awesome. what grade are you in?
what do you do for fun?
i am not. i am not really into sex either
oh i am sorry to hear that. you must be a little freaked out
i am doing great, just got back from a gym session.
i am fine. just got done with work at the pediatric hospital.
oh no! my dad and brother are going to have a break from work tonight.
i hope he is okay. i am sure he will recover soon.
that is awesome. i really like sushi.
i was never too good at skiing. but i am a believer in yoga.
so what do you do for a living? i make a living making sushi
that sounds great. i have a tree that i love to tree with
i have a hard time finding a good television show to watch on cable
i have cable so i don't watch much.
i watch cable a lot, but not too much tv
do you know that you have been hacked?
i am not sure what that means. i am more of a internet person.
oh ok, what do you do for work?
i have been through a lot of that.
i am doing well. i am working on a new brochure for my travel company.
do you like onions? i love them.
i do. i am currently looking for a new destination.
that sounds like fun. i hate cats. i am a nurse.
i am not a cat person either. i like all things italian.
i have to be careful not to get caught up in my malamute, my job is pretty
my job is not for long, it is for short distances.
that is nice of him. do you have any romantic interests?
i have never been lucky.
i went to a nice place to see him
oh that is nice. i am in the city.
yes, it is near a lot of parking lots
i live in alaska, i love that place
i am sorry to hear that. what kind of friend?
i am sorry. i have no idea where you are from.
hello, i am doing well. just got back from a pajamas party.
i am listening to some oldies music.
i love to sing. i am a lead singer in a popular band.
that sounds cool, do you have any other bands?
my dad drove a truck but i am not good
you mean i guess i am telling you. i am not sure.
that is so cool. i like to party when i am not playing.
that is so sweet. i hope you do well
i live in the us, i drive a semi
i am in the midwest right now, we grill at the grill
i like to party when i am not playing my band. i love meat
i will have to try it, i can bring my mom
my dad drives a semi and i travel too
what kind of hobbies do you like to do for fun
i am a singer, but i never finished high school.
hi, three of my siblings are boys and i am a doctor
no, they are not. i am the lead singer in a popular band.
i am. i love the music. what are your hobbies?
i am so sick i cannot even watch movies
i dance to too many cakes.
i don't like muffins. i am too fat for them.
the one with the best music.
that is awesome! i went to high school.
i am in college. i want to be a doctor
i am the lead singer in a popular band.
i do. i am single. i work in a healthcare office.
i have three sisters. do you have any siblings?
no brothers, i don't have any siblings.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. what is your family like?
my mother is still alive, she is an actress.
good. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. my husband and i were firefighters.
oh i am a nurse
my parents were firefighters and taught us how to do that.
i am very comfortable so no
i can afford to buy some.
i love shopping. i love shopping for clothes.
i am a teacher, i loved school, but my three children are the best.
what do you do for fun?
i love music and i am hoping to go to the band heart.
i do. i am a nurse and i work as a cashier.
what kind of music do you like to listen to
i have never heard of them
i am not a fan of music. i like music more.
i like music mostly but also a little bit of country
hi! my name is tony. how are you?
i am jim. you?
i am great! thank you! tell me something about yourself.
i am well, thank you. i am ryan. i am 14.
i am 27. i am in college.
that is cool! i am only 14, so i don't know much about my gender.
i am studying to be a lawyer. i have not met anyone yet.
i am in college, and i am studying law. how about you?
do you have any siblings?
i don't. i am just a little older and i don't have any siblings.
i have 2 brothers and 3 sisters. do you have any siblings?
yes, i know what you mean. do you like music?
i don't like pink floyd. i prefer rock music.
i don't like rap. i do like cats. i hate cats.
i don't. i don't have any. i am a student.
i am doing okay. just got done playing board games
i am good thanks! i am listening to barry manila. what about you?
what do you do for work?
i do, i have three cats and a dog
oh okay. my name is paul. do you have any siblings?
his name is barry manila. i have 3 of them
that is cute! i love the movie
i am not sure but my dog is named barry
i am old enough to play board games
i am 37 and i love my cats and dogs
i am 24 i am a little older
no i was just a psychic
i am actually in college. do you like science?
i am in education
oh ok. i am a student
i am from new york. i live in new york
it is very beautiful. it is my favorite state.
i am a model in new york. i love snow.
i like to go out and play with my brothers. what about you?
i have not even tried skiing. i have not been looking forward to it
i am over 30, how old are your brothers?
i don't have siblings i am single, so i don't have time.
i love metallica. do you like music?
i like metallica. but i don't really like music.
i don't really like korn. i like a lot of bands.
i do like metallica a lot.
i like music too! metallica is my favorite.
i am not a fan of pop music but i love rap
i am doing great. how are you?
i am good thank you
i am good, what do you do for a living?
that is cool, i would like to go out and eat some
i do, i paint my room
cool. i love the ocean, it is my favorite
that sounds very interesting, do you live in a big city
yeah that is cool, i also love to explore with my friends
that is great, what kind of music do you like?
i do love music. i like the sea creatures.
that is cool, i like pop music
i like her too, she is my favorite singer
i do, i like the beat. do you like horses?
i have two cats, one is named bryan
that is so bad, i bet you stink!
i am good. just finished painting my new home. you?
cool. i live in seattle and have two roommates.
i have a small farm but i do have horses.
oh, i live with a farm, i want to retire in seattle
i have a small farm and love horses.
no, i am in the middle of a horse race.
you live in seattle? i live in a small city.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i love cats. i like horses too.
i have a cat named bob. i ride in my apartment.
no i don't. but i do take them to the local park.
i don't have any horses. i have two cats.
do you paint in your spare time?
do you paint a lot?
that is awesome. do you have a lot of siblings?
oh no, that is a bad thing.
yeah i am doing great, what are you up to?
i am sorry to hear that, i would love to go shopping for clothes.
i got a bag of civil war antiques
i am going shopping for clothes. i love shopping!
haha that sounds like fun
yes, i love nursing. i am actually single now so i don't have much time to shop
i am married and i am getting divorced.
wow. that is really big.
i am not married yet i am trying to get out
that is so sad. my sister and i just celebrated our first wedding anniversary.
yes i love dogs.
i am a makeup artist. i wish i could dye my hair.
i don't dye it. i fake it.
i don't dye hair crazy colors.
doing good. just finished cooking a delicious steak.
that sounds tasty! i love dark superhero movies.
i like them too. what is your favorite?
i like scotch. i like drinking it.
what is your favorite drink?
oh wow, that is a lot. i am drinking scotch.
you are just too critical of yourself
i love writing short stories.
i am a graphic designer. i like to draw
i like to write short stories but i am more of a writer
oh wow, do you have a favorite band rush?
i am sure that you will. i am a dog lover, what about you?
you should buy some.
hello, i am a administrative assistant. i love it.
i am 71, retired and live with my husband.
i am a petite oldie, a french lady, and love cats
that is awesome, i am retired from the army. i am a soldier myself.
yes! i am a 65 year old old lady!
i like music. how about you?
maybe i should try that. i am always trying new things
haha... i never smoked. i am very old.
i dance to oldies tunes. and no, just me and my oldies music
i dance to you too! my family is older than me. i am old.
no, i am not retired yet, but i will be serving my country
that is cool, i have two older brothers.
i have a wife and a son. do you travel?
you are married? that is awesome! i am an old man.
yes, i have 5! and you?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am fine, just got back from the bathroom.
i am champion of tae kwan do
oh, i bet! i am hungry. i love exercise, but i cannot do it.
i am a 12 year old girl. my dad taches tae kwan do.
oh okay. my dog is also 12. do you have any pets?
no, i have a dog. do you?
i live in california. i have two cats and a dog.
i live in the states. i live in california.
i live in texas. do you live with family?
i have traveled to about 10 states, i love traveling
i do it for fun as well. i have been reading plays to get my free time.
that sounds like a lot of fun. what is your favorite food?
i like to read to myself, as well.
i am more of a cook myself. i don't cook much.
i am great, just finished drinking some coffee. how about you?
oh. i am sorry. i am about to burn my house down.
that sounds good. i love jazz. do you like it?
i am really into country music. it is my favorite.
that sounds fun. i would rather not have to go to school.
thank you. my dad is retired so i am more of a outdoorsy person.
i am going to see my husband and my two kids.
i am going to go camping with my dad.
i am a writer for a magazine. you?
that is awesome. i would like to be a doctor.
that is awesome. do you have a job?
my father is retired so i don't have any hobbies.
i eat a lot of food.
i love to cook and enjoy hiking and camping. you?
i have never been camping. what do you like to do?
i have a daughter named ginger
i am too, i love a car. i restore classic cars.
i live in california. i have been to france once.
that is cool. i have to work for my company. i restore classic cars.
i do. i love model cars. i have a golden retriever ginger.
cool! where are you from?
i have a golden retriever named ginger
that is sweet. i am allergic to shellfish.
no, i am a model car lover
i am sure it is! do you like it?
he is not. i live in virginia. do you have any pets?
yes! i restore classic cars. what about you?
she was! i just named her ginger because she was so cute.
i am good. just finished eating some pizza! how are you?
i just got done brushing my teeth
do you have any siblings
that is great! i am a stray cat and mom was an army nurse
my mom runs a restaurant and she has to run it all day
i make clothes for a living
that sounds like something i could do
i love to sing, what kind of music do you like to sing?
i don't sing but i do love paranormal romance
i have a lot of friends and i sing to them.
i like to watch movies. i also like paranormal movies
yes i do, i love music. i like folk.
what kind of music do you like to listen to?
i like folk music, but i am afraid of the environment
i like music a lot too, what kind of music do you like?
i am good. just chilling with my cats. you?
i am an environmentalist. i have kids so i don't have time for that.
i do. i have been a nurse for a long time.
that is awesome. i have been a real estate agent for my entire life.
i have lived with my dad for a while.
i live in the middle of nowhere, i live in a tiny town.
i do. i like onions. do you?
i am not sure where you live. i would love to visit your house.
i agree. do you agree with your opinion?
i am sorry to hear that. i think it will help with my environmental career.
i work at the hospital. my dad is a nurse.
that is cool. i am more into the spare time of my kids.
i like to cook. i am a professional cook.
oh wow. i like cooking. do you?
i would rather eat onions.
i am doing great, just graduated from high school.
i am going to hairdresser school
that is a great idea, i want to be a doctor
i am sorry to hear that. i am a nurse.
yes but it takes me a little to understand
i like fish aquarium. what kind of fish do you like?
awesome! i just got home from shopping and got a volkswagen beetle
my favorite is wine. i love italian food
cool! i drive a volkswagen i love shopping
i have a lot of vintage 50s, especially the ones i collect
i have never heard of that
its a classic 50s collection of decor
i am 17 years old and a senior in high school
i am not sure if i am old enough to cook
i am not sure how that goes. i don't eat well.
i have a fur baby, my husband runs a fur business.
i have a dog, but i am not sure i could care for a dog
i have a lot of time for them. they are just so cute
i have three of my children and six grandchildren so i have plenty of time to care for them.
i have a son, he is a toddler.
i am single, but i love caring for them.
that is great. i hope you do well with your career
you should do a pet rescue. i love cats.
i don't really have any allergies, i would love to get a cat though.
oh, that is sad. do you have any kids?
that is too bad, i would not be able to do that.
that is not good. do you have any other hobbies?
i am not sure if he would like to be a dog.
i am doing well, thanks. where are you from?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i was born with a tail.
i have not been there, i don't even know if i could do it
i have been skydiving since i was 4.
i would love to go to california to see my new movie
no, i am just a normal skater and eat no chips.
yes, i have a lot of time for that. what do you do?
i was born with a tail. i don't like chips.
i have not heard of it.
what do you do for a living?
i am a fashion model, and i will be moving soon
i work at a club called bluegrass
that is cool i am a fashion model
i am good thanks for asking! i just finished a new book about cooking.
i am great. just finished eating some bacon, my favorite!
i love bacon! what do you like to do for fun? i love cooking.
i am a stay at home mom. i go camping.
i do. i love dogs, i have 2.
i don't like bugs. they don't like to eat them
i have cats. they are the worst. i hate them.
i have a dog, and a cat. do you have any pets?
i just want to be a cat person, i love romance.
yeah i know what you mean.
i would love to be a chef. maybe i can be a romance writer.
i love romance books. do you have any pets?
i love the romance books. especially the ones about dragons.
what kind of detective?
i like tv shows and movies. i also like romance.
i am good. just got off work from the zoo. you?
i am good. just relaxing at home listening to some nirvana.
it is not too hot here in california.
i am so sorry to hear that. i love music.
i do, i love music.
i like books. i am a musician.
i love animals. i am a vet.
yes, i love animals as well. do you have any pets?
i love animals too! i like to play games with them
i like dogs. i am a musician.
nice! i play video games with my dog.
i love watching nirvana.
i love drama. i have read all kinds.
i like to listen to music.
i am a veterinarian and i play video games
i am good do you play any instruments
i am just taking some time off from my classes.
you will get a few chips at my next round.
yes but i am taking college to be a teacher
what do you do for a living?
i am a teacher. i am learning jujitsu
what are you going to school for?
i am studying to become a teacher.
cool, do you have a tail? i don't like chips.
do you have any other hobbies? i am studying to be a teacher
i am a teacher and i love it.
that is cool. i am a huge jiu jitsu fan, so i am learning juj
i was in school. i played video games
i don't watch much tv, but i am trying to learn it
i like it i am in college
i am good! i just finished listening to my favorite band. what do you like to do?
i am good. i am listening to country music
i am a huge pop fan! what do you like to do?
i am from canada. what do you do for fun?
i live in new york. i am the lead singer in a popular band
i have a sister. i am the only one i have siblings with.
i am a single mom. i don't have siblings.
that is great! i have a sister and a brother. do you have any children?
i am 23. how old are you?
i am 40. what do you do for work?
i am an artist. i am also a lead singer.
i have a dog, he is a mix of a terrier and a dog.
i am an animal lover! my 3 sisters have 3 dogs
that is great. i try to make people happy.
thank you. i am not. i just love it
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i am well. how are you?
oh okay. i am just in class studying to be a teacher.
i am good. i am a champion at tae kwan do.
what do you do for fun? i don't do much.
i am a teacher. i teach kids.
you should try it! what else do you like to do?
i am a champion, so i don't know much about running.
i do it every day. what is your favorite hobby?
i like to go rollercoasters.
i am not very good at rollercoasters.
yeah, i get sick from running.
they are a gamble, and i am learning to play it.
that is not fun. i know it is dangerous but i bet you are not scared.
i love roller coasters. they are my favorite.
great! how are you?
i am doing well. just got done with surgery.
i have three dogs. you married?
we have a german shepherd. we have to keep them warm!
i have a lab too, i am divorced and have three kids.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am sorry
it is very sad but my children are all lovely
that is awesome. i love to play frisbee a lot
i like to listen to music
i play frisbee for breakfast
that sounds like a fun hobby. i wish i could play it.
what kind of fish do you like to eat
that is a lot of steak
that is good. i eat a lot of sardines, especially on frisbees
i bet! i enjoy meat. i have 3 girls and they love to eat it
i am doing well, thanks for asking! what are you up to?
i am doing good. just got off work from my job.
what do you do for a living?
i work for a big corporation.
what do you do for a living?
i do. i am a full time manager. what do you do?
i am sorry. i have a bad odor.
yeah, and you can have a farm with no cows.
yeah, i like hiking in nature but i also like to hike in nature.
i have plans for the weekend.
i like to read poetry.
not really. i do a lot of consulting.
i like to read. i don't read much, i am a weirdo.
hi there, i am good. just finished reading a poem. you?
i like to ride horses i wish i could
i have been injured in my back
i am a leader so my mind is not telling me to stop
what do you like to do for fun? i like horses
i will do that i love to do it.
what do you like to do for art?
maybe i should look into that i am sick of it
lol not really but i am a big fan of hiking in nature
yes i like to have a lot of friends
i am so sorry to hear that
they are not like mine
i love the snow and the cold
i don't have a car but i am going to open it up
no i don't but i do like it when i talk to you
i am doing well. just got home from school. i have two kids.
what do you do for a living
i have two boys and a girl
i have 3 and 2 boys
how old are you? i am 34 years old
i am 40 and have kids
i am a real estate agent, i live in michigan
wow that is a lot of work. what do you do for work?
that is pretty impressive.
i am a single mother of two kids.
they are just in their kindergarten years. how old are they?
wow. i am not sure. i am still single.
yes, i am. i have two children.
sure, i am sorry. i am going to have to retire soon. i am in pain from
i can not wait to get my first full time job as a nurse.
i love horses, i like to ride them
i work at a hospital.
what do you do for a living?
you should! i need to go shopping.
that would be nice, i have been there a long time
what do you do for a living?
that is a very ambitious goal!
i would go shopping i don't have time for it
i would go out on a motorcycle ride and ride horses
i don't have much time to shop but i would like to get back in the car soon
that sounds like a great time. do you have dinner with the person?
that is great! what do you do for fun?
i am learning jujitsu, it is my favorite.
i like to eat meat, but i eat a lot of meat
i am a teacher, and i still get nervous.
nice, i have a brother that is a martial artist
no, i don't have any siblings. do you?
do you have a job?
i am a tutor, i help my brother with his homework.
that is awesome. i am a bodybuilder, so i am a bodybuilder
i hope to be a good mom, and you?
i do, i am always on the go with my brother
i do, i am trying to get out of my job now.
yeah, i think it is a good time to help people
yes, i am studying to be a doctor.
nice, i am a body builder and i have a ton of friends
i love horses, i am homechooled so i love them
what do you do for a living?
i am in california
i live in chicago, but i live in a small city
i am a college student
do you study for a masters?
i like painting and painting. do you have any hobbies?
i like to paint. i also like to travel. what do you like to do for fun?
i like blue. i love blue. i am homeschooled.
i have a lot of allergies. what do you do?
i live in california, so i am homechooled.
do you have any hobbies? i like to dye my hair.
i have dyed my hair red, but i have not done that yet.
do you live in the city?
no, i have not. my parents are from there.
i have not. i have visited many places.
yes i would like to visit australia.
i am an environmentalist. i have been there.
that is cool. i am a accountant and i am a hiker.
i work from home as a real estate agent.
i like to go hiking with my two boys.
that sounds fun! i am a teacher so i am not sure if i could do that.
my son travels a lot too
that is nice. i will be traveling to mississippi next week.
i hope so! my two boys are the best.
i enjoy driving around the country, especially in the winter.
i am in the top of the world
i graduated from the university of mississippi and i am ready for college next year.
yes i went to ohio for my first time
i went to university of mississippi for my degree.
that is cool i am a businessman
oh that is so cool.
i am not very shy, i am a liberal and have 3 guns
i am a college student in science
yes i went to college. what do you do for a living?
i have a degree in computer science i am in a modeling space ship
i love guns, i love hunting too
what do you do for a living?
i build spaceships, the military model, and stuff like that
i want to be a doctor. i am shy.
i am an accountant. i have a family that is down the street from me
i wish i did not say what
i am a manager for a ford truck company
i would love to be a model space ship designer
i hunt and sell guns
cool what kind of video games do you like
that is nice do you have any hobbies?
i am a lawyer. i am studying law.
what do you study?
that is really exciting, i am studying for a test
you must be very outgoing! my girlfriend lives with me.
i live with my parents. i am in college
do you have any hobbies?
i spend time studying. i have 2 more years left.
i have to go on a trip to texas soon, but i am studying for a law degree
i like to go to school and study law. how about you?
yes, i am currently studying to be a lawyer.
i am in college too. i wish i could travel.
i don't travel much. i am studying to be a lawyer
i love the outdoors! i like the fall and winter.
hi! i like to watch movies and tv. you?
i love to visit zoos and i am a nurse.
that is cool! i love the store i have at home.
i love the nurse, but i work too much.
that is nice! i like ice cream, especially ice cream.
i don't like ice cream. i have a huge collection of teddy bears.
do they also work?
i like to visit zoos and visit my favorite color. green.
i like green too. do you have a favorite color?
i bet you do. i spend my free time hiking with my teddy bears.
i like to watch movies and tv. what about you?
i am a nurse. it is very relaxing.
i love him a lot. i don't know much about him
that is awesome! do you have a favorite color?
thank you. my husband is a homebody too. he is my baby
i am doing great today, how about yourself?
i am great, just relaxing on the beach with my dogs
i want to go hunting with my sister.
i am sure you don't mind me asking why do you do that
do you like dancing? i love it.
i like dancing too
you have a sister? i do.
yes i do, but i don't eat shellfish.
wow, that is not a good idea. i am alive.
i don't want to live alone but i do love it
that is very sweet of you. i am a mixed race girl so i am very lucky.
yes i am. are you?
i am. i am only 16. i am not sure if i am even close to being older
do you like to eat shellfish? i can eat it all day
i am not really hungry. i eat it all day.
it is going good, i just got married. how about you?
do you have it in your house
i am 15, so i am enjoying it
i am sorry to hear that, i am single and i am feeling very alone
yes it is great, its a great time
i like to hike, it is nice and relaxing
i like to read when i have time
that is awesome! i am a stay at home mom with 2 boys
no i don't work but i do cook
oh, i am single mom of two boys, i also work for my parents
i would love that. i enjoy it
oh, i have a honda civic and a honda civic, i drive it.
i am a teacher. but i am just a kid
i am julie. my mother was not my life.
sorry to hear that. i am just selling things
i am in the army and i have a job selling karok.
i have been in the military for 3 years now.
wow! i am sorry to hear that. my dog is blue.
i am divorced and have kids. i have two brothers and one sister.
you should ask your doctor.
that is good. what else do you enjoy?
no. he passed away.
nice, jordan. what are you up to today?
no. i am just happy i got my name.
i don't sing but i do blow
oh. i am sorry. i am not sure i would like that.
i am good. just got back from my hairdressing class.
oh wow. i am a student. it is really exciting.
it is. i have two boys and am very busy with work.
that is awesome, that is why i am trying to get into college.
it is. i am going to eat a lot of food after school.
fish, grilled cheese, and baked goods. i love them!
i am taking a break from working at the grocery store. do you like cereal?
oh wow! that is a lot of work.
yeah, it is really rewarding. i am going to school to be a sea captain.
that is awesome. i don't know what i want to do.
nice! i love fenton glass. i love granola for breakfast.
do you have any frogs?
i love them! i love the color orange.
that is cool. are you an artist?
i have two. i love to fish.
cool! i like to go to the park to enjoy oldies music
haha, i am sorry to hear that. you are a baby boomer?
i am in school for nursing.
i am a baby boomer myself. i love to crochet and cross stitch.
i am saving up for a barbeque restaurant.
oh, barbeque is fun. i have never tried it. i am too old to smoke
i am a retired army colonel.
wow! do you have any children? i am only 22.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
he was a soldier and was very proud of us for our heritage.
sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
he was a good guy. i don't know what that means.
i am sorry. i am glad you are able to hear that.
i understand. that is okay.
do you have any hobbies?
i am doing well, how about you?
i am good, just got back from a bbq.
what do you do for a living?
i am a warehouse worker
what kind of cars do you like?
i am a truck driver but i am pretty good
i love to eat fish. i am allergic to shellfish.
i like to watch horror movies, i am a big fan
yes, i am not good at it. do you?
what else do you like to do?
i have a bad habit of hiding from people. i am allergic to shellfish.
well you sound like a real nutcase
do you have any pets?
no i don't. do you?
do you have any dogs
yes i am, i am a competitive body builder
i graduated in
i am a baby myself. how old are you?
i am 22. do you travel? i love traveling and going on adventures
no i am single
wow. that is a lot of young men. you have any kids?
we can go to the airport.
no, i have not. i have never been to europe.
i wish i could. i like to go to dubai. its so relaxing.
i am going to make a list of the best places to travel.
i am sure you will! i will be getting married soon.
i wish i had a husband. i have a lot of money
i will take care of you.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing great! just lifting weights, you?
i like sports too, and i also love watching sports on tv
i do. i like watching horror movies.
i like to play sports on the weekends.
i like basketball too, i love watching horror movies.
i watched a lot of sports on tv.
what are your hobbies? i love watching horror movies.
i like watching sports on tv. do you like sports?
i like to watch horror movies. i also like watching tv.
i do enjoy that. do you have any hobbies?
i like to lift weights and watch horror movies. you?
what do you do for a living?
i work for a warehouse. i am tall and super short.
i work in retail. you?
great. i am doing great. i am looking at civil war antiques.
oh wow. i have never heard of that.
no i don't like furry characters
its been a lot of work getting ready to go on vacation with my parents
i have been married four times and divorced 3
i don't have a lot of time on the internet.
i am a computer and i fake my british accent
no i am a cat person, i have a cat
i have 3 dogs
that is cute. i am an 18 year old male
i am 30. i like to pretend to be tall and skinny
oh i hear you. i am 21 and you?
i don't have a job at the moment
i am from california, you?
i am from the usa
i am doing well. how are you?
great! i am reading this book. you?
i am studying biology. it is a fun subject.
what do you do for a living?
that is interesting. i am also a biology teacher.
i am a food writer. i love to cook.
i am a history buff, i love traveling.
i travel a lot too, but i don't have a job. i am a stay at home
i have traveled to six different countries.
what countries do you travel to?
i like to walk.
i am sure it will.
i would love to go to the party.
thank you for asking.
oh no. i have to go.
i am buying a new dress for the fall break
i drive a volkswagen beetle and i am going to university next year.
oh that is great! i would love to go to africa
i am in high school. i am a junior in high school.
yes they are. do you like food
i like to make dress clothes and fashion.
do you have any hobbies? i am going to hairdress school
what do you like to do for fun?
yeah, it is okay, i am more of a fitness nut.
i am a healthy adult too.
i am going to hairdress school
i am going to see my senior year.
i drive a vintage 50 s
i do, he drives a volkswagen and i like to shop
that is cool. do you like cars?
i am not a big fan of gambling. i like to play poker
i am a marine biologist
what do you do for a living?
i am a biology major in biology. you?
i am a college student
i am currently studying biology and i am a student
i am in ed sheeran.
i am a biology major.
i want to be a teacher, but i am trying to make a living teaching.
that is a great career choice. i am a graduate student.
i hope so. what kind of music do you like?
i don't really like music, but i do like listening to music
i like jazz too, i am into poker
i like ed sheeran too.
that is so cool. what are your favorite hobbies
hi tupac. i don't have time for hobbies, hobbies.
i don't like tupac. he is too loud for my knees.
i love that he is a good singer.
i am sorry to hear that. i love him a lot.
i see. i like to go to the races.
i would rather be alone... he is my hero.
that is great. i am always looking for new ways to get my legs in shape.
you sound like a pretty good person.
i love photography. i am color blind, so i don't see what my imaginary world looks like
my eyesight is terrible. i have a red eye.
i see. i would love to see tim mcgraw in red.
i see, too. i am writing a biography.
he is a singer.
i bet he would write a great blog. i love rap music.
i run a competition. i am not into sports.
i am doing great, just finished a run.
nice. i just got back from watching one of my favorite movies
my wife and i have 2 kids.
i have two boys and one girl.
i have two kids. one is a boy and the other a girl.
that is a lot of kids
do you have a job?
i work as a registered nurse at a pediatric hospital
that is cool. i am a pediatrician.
i see. so, how do you feel about us?
yes! do you have any hobbies?
i love pizza, do you?
i love vintage cars. i also have a couple kids.
i like to go on walks in the countryside
what do you do in your spare time?
i am a nurse at a hospital. how about you?
i am a student, i really enjoy my time
that is nice of you to be a teacher! i am a nurse for a large family.
i am sure he is a sweetheart. do you have a daughter?
he is in kindergarten, and i am getting older.
i have to say, i love rap music. it is so good.
i don't have any. i am more of a rocker.
i bet! i like sports too. i like to hang out with friends.
yes, i ride my bike when i am not working as a nurse
you should come to my party
it would be fun. you should go
what do you do in your spare time?
i love going to the party, my kids and i are going to play with them
thank you.... i hope you have a good night
thank you! i will have a dog and cat.
i am good just got done reading the book
i am doing great, just got done lifting weights
i am in california. i am in florida. what do you do?
i work in a warehouse
yes i have played video games for years. what do you do?
i work in a warehouse
what do you do for a living?
i am a warehouse manager. what about you?
i love working at the warehouse
no i lift weights every weekend
oh wow! i would love to play a guitar.
do you have any other skills?
i am a huge pro. i played the guitar in high school
i am good, thank you. my kids are coming to school
i love veggies! i grew up on a farm, and i love cooking with food from our garden
i don't want kids i am hungry
i have a couple. they just make my day.
that is awesome i think it is worth it
yes i am. do you like horses?
i don't, i just don't get out much.
he is a great singer.
i wish i could do that
you are so famous. i have a big family.
i am not, i am not
i watch a lot of television.
i have not watched tv much
oh, that is nice. i have to go out on the farm to find the best food
i like to keep at it, but i don't want to
hi how are you doing?
i am doing well. just got done with my computer
i am going to get them out of my dog, max!
i bet he is. do you have any pets?
i wish i could talk to her, but i am too busy studying for that.
i have a dog, he is my best friend.
i am a guy. we have been together for about a year.
wow, what is his name?
i am a lawyer in my free time.
yes i am. do you like to surf?
oh, i love surfing too. what do you like to do?
i drive a car, do you like it?
i enjoy the beach. i love the beach shopping.
he has a maclaren, but i only have one.
i have a couple of cars, but not a maclaren.
i am good thanks for asking. what are you up to?
i am good where are you from
i am in cali. i work at pet smart.
nice do you like hiking
i like to listen to nirvana so i like to run.
i hike on the weekends and hike in the summer
yes i love hiking on the trails
i have two boys do you have kids
i have no children, i am a music buff. i am a musician too.
i drive a honda civic.
i used to be a chef but i am now a chef.
do you like to cook?
i will make you some food for supper.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am good. what do you do for a living?
cool, cool, i am not a big fan of call of duty.
i do, but i don't have time for drama.
oh i see. do you have a job?
yes, i am. i am a vet. i am a musician.
that is impressive. are you a big fan of metallica?
yes. i am a vet.
yeah, it is. i have 2 brothers.
that sounds like a lot of work. i like animals too.
i have two brothers, we use to have dogs.
i love cats.
cats are cool. what else do you do for fun?
i am good how are you today?
good how are you today?
i am a part time student and i am a writer.
i am a student in college
what do you dream about?
i play cards and play games
yes i do i love them. what about you?
do you ever watch movies?
the lord of the rings and fantasy. you?
i have not done that yet... i like sharks.
i bet, i love spending money on fantasy books.
i bet you will be lucky
what do you do for work?
i will tell you more about it.
the lord of the rings. that is my favorite fantasy.
great! what do you do for a living?
i am good, how are you?
what do you do for fun?
i teach tae kwan do
i am an environmentalist and i work for a real estate agency
i have always wanted to move to the state of texas
no, but i do have a couple of kids.
i am in the city, but i live in the state
i am 34, but i have two kids that are in their kindergarten!
yes, i have 12, and my dad taches tae kwan do
oh wow, that is good. i hope you have fun with that.
do you have kids?
oh wow. where are you from?
i am good. just finished sewing a new hat.
that sounds fun. i spend most of my day in school.
i am sure you will! i am a student.
i love the ocean. i love to explore
do you like the ocean? i am an american. i have not been to the ocean.
my hair is long and wavy and my toes are long
i am still pretty young, i like to wear short hair.
i am a swimmer myself. i like to explore with my sea creatures
me too. i am a mermaid. do you like the beach?
wow, what kind of mermaid do you call me?
no i am a gimp. what about you?
i am not into mermaids.
i am a great dad to a mermaid.
awesome! i love the ocean!
it is a noble thing to do.
i love to watch sports and basketball
wow that is cool. i am a bodybuilder. i am a doctor.
i like soccer. i enjoy watching it on tv.
i don't like sports, especially baseball.
so you are a college graduate?
oh nice, i am in school for anatomy.
do you like it? i love being married.
i am a man. i have a son and a daughter.
oh okay. i love baseball.
what do you do for a living?
i was in soccer, my mom played soccer in high school.
i work in a hospital. my job is at the office.
no, i am not close with any siblings. what do you do for work?
what kind of family do you have?
nice! you like him?
i am good. how about yourself?
doing well. just got home from work.
where are you from
thanks, what do you like to do?
what do you do for a living
yeah, i am single so i have never been.
yes i have two. i hunt for the bears but they are scary.
i am single, so i am very happy being single and alone.
do you like to eat ice fish?
i don't want to say that. i don't want to.
i do ice fish i love it
i work in delivery, but i work as a doctor
nice. i am an arctic explorer, i hunt for them
yeah, i love football
i have been hunting for polar bears for the past 6 years
pretty good. just got done with my shift at the office.
i am good. just got off work, i just got off work.
i am a reporter for the local newspaper. what do you do?
no, i teach choir. i am a troubled teen.
i am eating a ham sandwich. you?
chicken. i will have to try italian. you like chicken?
i don't really eat much other than that, but that sounds good.
yes. i love italian food. you?
italian food. what is yours?
what is your favorite taekdo?
that is cool. my mom taught me to eat all the time.
no pets. i don't have any
i have two dogs and one cat. how about you?
oh wow. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. i am a promoter for a big music venue
i am good, how about yourself?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. how are you?
cool! i am just finishing my iced tea, so i am drinking a bit of it
oh that sounds interesting. i love iced tea. do you like music?
i love rap! i love country music and i am from canada
i don't like it.
what is your favorite country music genre?
i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. i love music
oh no!!!. where are you from?
i bet. i work on computer code
i do, but i don't watch it much
what kind of stuff do you watch?
what do you do for fun?
yes i do! i am a young adult
i am good, just finished reading a drama novel. you?
i love to read, what about you?
i love drama books and playing video games. do you have a hobby?
what instrument do you play?
i play video games, do you like them?
i also like to run marathons, i am a runner
i play piano on the weekends
no, i don't like them. i am a total animal lover.
i love the food, i would like to have a family farm someday.
sure. i have been living in a cramped apartment.
i live in a poor apartment, so i don't have a lot of money to spend.
i don't get enough of them.
i am in the city, but i don't like it there.
in a poor suburb. i live in a single mom.
i have a good dog and a good dog, i bet you enjoy life there.
i am good. how are you today?
do you have a talent?
wow i saw that at the wrong time
i don't want kids i am single
i have one son he is 70
i don't like kids so i am single
i don't have kids so i drive around in my wheelchair
i drive in the city to get around in my new york apartment
wow that is a lot of money
no i don't really like that
you should pay the bills
i don't think i would have that many
i have a nice old mans garage
do you like to choose?
i prefer the beach
hi! i am a big fan of jazz. what do you do for fun?
what kind of kids do you have?
do you like to read? i love to read
my favorite is the history of jazz. i also like classic cars
that sounds interesting! i love to cook
i don't cook much. i am more of a bookie.
do you like pizza? i love pizza
yes. what do you do for fun? i am a pediatrician.
that is good. i can read, but i have not started working yet.
i am so sorry, that is not good.
i have to pick them up!
yeah, and have a husband that loves jazz.
well that is good to hear! i love to cook!
that is very nice. i just bought a vintage ferrari and have a few grandchildren.
oh my! i bet he has a huge army
i am well, just a 12 year old girl
i am 43 years old. how old are you?
oh wow. i am 24.
oh wow. i am an adult. i cannot see.
i am not color blind. i am a rollercoaster fan.
not really. i am not a fan of color blind people.
haha. you are a champion? i am.
my favorite singer is tim mcgraw
i have not even heard of that. i teach 12 year olds.
i would love that!
i am in texas, texas, texas, texas. i am in texas
do you like rabbit rescues? i love them!
i don't know, i am a liberal.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am in texas. i grew up on a farm.
i am a geologist. i don't know how to work.
oh i bet you drive a lot
i did, but i have never been back home.
i like you too
thank you. i would like to look for a polar bear
no i am just asking
oh, i bet that is a lot of work.
i am not childless i am too poor to hunt
i have a preference for the short term but still hunt for them
that is cool. i like blue too
i like the cold weather. i would love to return them home.
i am fine, just relaxing, trying to relax.
i am great. i am a republican.
i do, i like to read about travel and people
what kind of politics? i like cooking and reading. what do you like to do?
i like to read. i also love to travel.
that sounds interesting. i am a teacher so i travel a lot.
i am a teacher, but i don't like to teach.
i teach history. i also teach fiction.
yes, i have a family. i am single.
i have two kids, do you have any family?
that is a nice family.
i don't think they are. what do you do for a living?
i am sorry. i am always sick, so i cannot travel.
that is very serious.
i have surgery for a heart disease.
hi, i am doing well. how are you?
i am fine, just got home from my night off.
oh wow. i am studying for a cooking test
i am currently a student. i am also studying to become a lawyer.
nice! i love romance books and movies. i am scared of dogs.
i don't. i go to the airport in my free time.
i also love going to see family. i have a place in my apartment where i can visit.
i love traveling too. my dog max is my favorite.
i don't know what that is. i have a dog. i would rather be a chef.
i have a dog named max. he is my best friend.
i have a large apartment in the city. i rent a lot of rooms.
it is. i have a good kitchen. do you cook?
yes. i don't have a boyfriend. i am single though!
oh wow that is strange, i am not sure if i like that
well, i love paranormal romances. i love my mother, she runs a restaurant.
i love the books paranormal
yeah i work part time
that is awesome, i love to travel. do you have a family?
i would like that i am getting excited
that is cool. i like graphic design and sell graphic books.
yes i need a graphic designer but i also like to get pizza
that sounds good! i would love to have a pizza for my pizza.
i do, i love them all
i love pizza. it is my favorite food.
i am looking for a new restaurant to open soon
i love rush. what kind of music do you like?
i love all types of music.
i like the rush, especially the band.
hi! i am just hanging out with my cats.
i am well, just working on my part time job
that is too bad! i have two cats and a two roommates.
i bet that is nice. i am teaching my kids to read.
i am a kindergarten teacher, i get to teach kids all the time.
that is great! i have a part time job
i am sure you will be able to do some amazing things!
i am a fantasy fan and i write books
that would be great. i am very good at it.
do you write about god?
that is a pretty good idea. i am not a fan of any show.
i like that movie
haha that is cool. i am a teacher so i know how to use military jargon.
i am a huge fantasy fan.
i like he is a movie star.
i am doing great. how are you?
oh wow, i am tired too. i am a bodybuilder.
yes, i ran for 10 minutes straight.
i am a bodybuilder so i have to run for the weights.
i can not lift much. what else do you like?
i love to eat meat
that is cool, i don't eat meat. i don't like animals.
that is okay, i am a doctor
that is a wonderful profession. i am a pediatrician and am married.
i am a bodybuilder, but i think it is better to have a heart.
i am a pediatrician. i am a big jazz fan.
i am a bodybuilder, but i would rather be a doctor.
that is really interesting. do you have a heart condition?
i don't work. i am in bodybuilding
what kind of music do you listen to?
i am good. just got off work.
i am great how are you today
i am an army soldier and don't like doing anything
i am sorry to hear that.
yes. my anger is my guns.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i am in puerto rico. i was born there.
i see. i am more into music, especially nirvana
what kind of band? i play in the army
nirvana and rock and roll
oh i love rock music! what do you do for fun?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
i have to watch my back! i am so busy
i am a health nut myself.
i am 18 and have two kids
i am doing well. thanks. how about you?
i am good how are you
nice! i work from home so i can cook, not too bad.
i like to make pizza its my favorite
i am not very good at it, but i eat healthy!
haha yes i do too. i pray for the soul and earth
i also like pizza. i would love to be a pizza parlor.
i hope you are well i love your dog
i am a huge truck driver. i love working nights.
nice what do you do for a living
no i am always at home. i am so much more than just a cat person.
yeah that is rough i am sorry
i am sorry. my husband and i have been together for over a year.
i hope so too! i hope he finds love soon
yes it is. i wish i could cook dinner.
i like to be creative and collect models.
well, i love chocolate and brownies too. what do you like to eat?
that is awesome! i made my own brownies
you like dogs? i have a dog and she is great.
i have a golden retriever named ginger.
i live in the suburbs of the city.
i am so glad you are happy! what do you do for fun?
i have a sweet tooth. i go dancing.
no. i only have one boy.
that is sweet. do you have any pets?
oh no, sorry, that is too bad.
i hope she is ok. i take pictures of her everyday.
i do, i love the titanic ten times.
good. just got home from work.
that sounds exciting! what do you do for a living?
i am glad i am not training my body to handle the weight.
i have a huge garden and do a lot of walking
i like water so i don't drink it but i do drink water.
i used to drink water i love vegetables
that is good. i only drink water when i am healthy.
yeah i have a small family
i have a boyfriend, but i don't have any.
you are welcome to be my friend
i don't want to be alone, i just want to be happy.
that is amazing, do you have any experience with them?
that is awesome! are you in school?
how many children do you have?
yes i do. i like to go to the country to enjoy the country.
well i am a fitness fanatic. i like to workout.
what kind of animal do you like?
i love animals too, i love working out
cool, i will adopt one if i can get one
that is awesome you are really great
they are so great they make you feel very comfortable
i would be sad too but i would be a nanny
i like simple plan, but i am sorry to hear that. i will not eat them
i love tacos i have a favorite food is sushi
i love beans
i am a vegan so beans are not my thing
what do you do for work?
i am a fitness instructor
i love scotch! what is your favorite glass?
i am a pretty good listener, i like dark superhero movies
i bet. i don't drink much, i am homeschooled so i would not want to
i suppose. i write stories for a living. what do you do for fun?
i bet you would like to go to my home.
yeah, i am home a lot. i write short stories.
yes. i am home schooled and i am in the party
i don't. i am employed at a carnival.
do you like comics? i love them.
anything. i like superhero stories, i use to write short stories.
i love superheroes, they are very cool.
what color was your hair?
i am homeschooled, but i would not mind dressing up as the villain.
no, i am more of a dark superhero.
i don't think people should. i like the feeling of being homechooled.
hi there, i am writing a short story. what are you up to?
i am writing a fantasy book. how about you?
i drink scotch and drink scotch to relax. you like superheroes?
i like to read fantasy books. you?
my job is in publishing. what do you do?
i am a writer, my fantasy work is going to be fantasy books.
what do you do for a living?
writing fantasy books. i love the lord of the rings.
that is a great book.
i am very into fantasy novels.
it is. i like to drink scotch to relax.
i have a fantasy novel to write about.
that is great. i am going to have to get a job writing short stories.
i am well, how about you?
i am doing great. what about you?
what do you do for a living
how much money do you make?
i sing and sing and act
oh no i am sorry to hear that
i am single and i don't want kids.
you should not be in the war
well i am single, but i am single too.
why? what happened?
what is your favorite actor?
do you like to travel
i love him and i am single
thank you i love you
that is nice i love him too
i think they are. i am 22 and i am still learning.
i have an allergy to mangoes and i try to be more attractive.
why is that?
do you want to be a businessman? i do.
i love music do you?
i have a dog. he is a british accent.
what is your dog name?
i am a sportsman too, but i am a professional athlete.
i eat healthy, so i am well rested.
i am only 45, but i am still very athletic.
i am good. i want to be a professional athlete someday.
i have a british accent, i want to try it
maybe i can give you a class on sports.
i am an amateur hairst stylist for dogs
i am studying to be a history teacher.
just finished a romance novel. how about you?
cool, what kind of novel?
i am a single woman who loves to cook.
i like desserts too! i like muffins too
what kind of muffins do you like? i love baking!
i would also be good at stuffing muffins with mashed potatoes, but i cannot stand it!
it takes a lot of energy to be short.
i am five foot! i am also 5 foot tall!
well, i am a little too short.
i am not. i have a dog named pedro.
i love dogs, i have two.
i don't like those kinds of attacks. i am afraid of heights.
i am sorry to hear that. i have never met him.
do you like muffins? i love them.
that is a good idea. i want to move into my apartment.
i am fine how are you
i am doing good how are you
i like pasta. i like to cook
that sounds fun do you like to read
do you have hobbies? i like to read and run
i like ice cream and its my favorite
yes i have two kids
i like movies and tv
i don't watch much movies. i love jazz
i like to watch tv too but i don't like exercise
i work as a pediatrician. i love running.
why is that
i just did not know. do you?
hello! i am good thanks for asking! tell me about yourself
i am doing okay. just got home from hairdressing school
cool. i am a parent, so i don't have kids.
yes, my two boys are. my husband and i are getting ready for hairdresser.
i have 2 brothers, i love winter, snow and cold weather
oh wow, what a fun hobby! i am going to hairdresser school.
that is cool. what kind of hair do you like?
i am. i have a lot of vintage 50s decorating. you?
i am a salesperson for a big company.
cool. do you have any pets?
i don't have any pets, but i love cats.
i am going to hairdress school to make a fish for my two sons
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i have my own little aquarium. i will decorate it all up
wow that is great! nice to meet you.
hello. what are you up to today?
i am doing well, do you have any hobbies?
i love music, i am a big fan of karok
i am really into tae kwan do
that is cool. i am kind of a family person.
no, but my dad teaches me tae kwan do.
that is cool. i love red! what is your favorite color?
i like green, and blue. what about you?
i love my color black, but i am color blind.
oh, do you have a favorite color?
i like the color black, what about you?
what is your favorite color? i have not seen blue yet.
i am 34. i was in the army, but i am still in school
i am in college, so i am only 12
i went into the army after high school
i am doing good, how about you?
i am doing well. i am going to the finals tomorrow.
that is not fun. i am very excited. you?
my name is lucy, i am a student and studying biology
i studied theatre. i am also a musician on the weekends
that is cool. i work at a university.
i bet. do you live in the states?
it is. i don't get to go out much.
i am a veterinarian. and you?
i drink a lot... its too much to handle
yeah. i have never been sober.
oh. well you know i am a student so i guess i have to stay busy.
a boy and girl. i am thinking of having a boy
i think you are right.
that is good to hear! hope you are well
i am doing well, thank you. how about yourself?
i am fine. i am online to relax
what do you do? i am cooking dinner for my family
what do you do for fun? i live in texas.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like fish?
oh. how old are you?
i am 32.
oh, i am 32. where do you live?
i live in the ocean. i would love to go out and explore with my sea creatures.
that is sad. i am sorry.
i live in ny. do you like surfing?
no, but i do travel.
i see. i see. i live in la.
i live in texas and love to travel.
i hope so. i live in florida.
i am good just got done eating some meat. you?
that is awesome i am only single and only drink water
i love it too. i love it when i hear it
nice i work at a gym a day so i am always in the gym
i love the gym, i go to every gym
i work in a delivery company
that is a lot of free time for a man
yeah i work as a delivery guy
that is cool i love meat, my mom is a healthcare worker
i am a single, i am happy being single and alone
i have a large stereo in my truck that i go camping with.
i drink water a lot, but i am not able to find the time to drink it
i hear ya. i have a big stereo. my mother is in the care system.
hi! what are you up to?
i am sorry to hear that. do you work?
just hanging out with my two cats. what do you do?
oh... i drive a yellow mini van
i did but they said it was not for a date
how did you get them to eat?
i don't, i just write fiction and i don't have any money
i bake cookies for my two kids
that sounds really sweet
it is! what do you do for a living?
i like to write and read
what kind of books do you write
two
that is a lot of authors. what are your hobbies?
i am in a very position of power
i am doing well. just got back from visiting my favorite zoos.
that sounds nice. i love the zoo.
i love the zoo too! i have a large collection of teddy bears
i also collect vintage 50s decor
what do you do for a living?
i am working on making dinner for my sons.
i love sweets and toys.
i like pancakes and cream but i cannot eat them.
i love blue too. i also like green
i like purple. what is your favorite color?
i like green. i love green too.
what do you do for work?
i try to visit zoos when i am not working.
i am great, how are you?
i am good. just got home from working in the healthcare field.
i am doing ok. i have a dog. he is a bit of a dog.
i love hunting and watching movies
i hunt and i love to go hunting.
oh ok, i am not a big hunter. but i like to hunt.
wow, that is tall. do you have a favorite bow and arrow?
i work in the healthcare field.
i work with clients in the field. i work as a handyman.
that sounds fun i enjoy it
i am a handyman. i am always on the go
do you watch movies?
what movies do you like?
i like to watch the ones about my dog pedro
that is awesome, i don't have a favorite.
i am ok, i just got done with my funeral
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that
how long have you been unemployed?
i am a racquetball player, what about you?
i am a science fiction author. i got my major in engineering
cool. i am an administrative assistant.
i am a science fiction author. i was in engineering before
i am an assistant for an office
that sounds like a very busy job.
i have a wife and three kids. we have a great family.
do you have a family?
it is very possible that you will.
i have an interest in science fiction, and i have a passion for science fiction.
yes, i am going to have my usual shopping tomorrow.
where do you go to school? i work as a hair stylist
i will. i am going to be a senior next year
yes they do! i also like eating cheese pizza.
i would love that too.
it would be a great way to help you.
i would make you happy
i have three dogs.
what kind of bug spray do you use?
you have a lot of dogs
yes i have a dog and a cat
i would not mind eating cheese pizza
that would be great pizza
i love it too
i love pizza too
i am good thank you and you?
i am good. just got done with my sales job.
oh. i am a fashion designer. i am really into fashion.
i am a graphic designer so i know how to make things
do you like fashion?
what kind of fashion? i like the rush band
i don't like it. i am not very good at it.
that is cool. i like them too.
i love them too! i love my best friend.
oh, that is terrible. i am sorry.
it is okay. i am sorry.
oh wow. do you like to eat healthy?
i am sorry. that is why i am so sorry.
i know. i am so sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. my best friend took my boyfriend in high school.
i love guns and hunting. do you have a dog?
wow that is a lot of animals
that is nice. what do you do for fun?
i love the mountains. i love the mountains too.
i am a huge shellfish lover.
that sounds like a lot of fun
i am currently living in a house on a mountain.
i have three cats and 2 dogs.
i can afford to go hunting a lot, but not too much.
it is not that big. i am petting my dogs
i have a lot of experience.
i have 3 cats and 2 dogs
you should not go hunting with shellfish.
that is why i live near mountains
i am rich, i restore classic cars
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing well just got back from class
oh, i have to go bike riding. i love it.
i have two cats and a dog
i am homeless so i don't have any pets
i am a kindergarten teacher i hope to get to help others
what did you do for a living?
wow, that is nice, i just have 2 roommates
that is great. the rain makes it hard for me to get out.
my cats name is chris and i am a kindergarten teacher
i am 32 and still caring for people
i have two cats and one cat
oh, how old are you?
what do you do?
me, i am a nurse, i work in a hospital.
i am doing well. just taking a break from hunting and fishing. you?
i am a stock broker
i am a geologist. what do you do?
i have a brother and a sister, we live in australia
i am sorry to hear that. i am in the skydiving industry.
i am excited about the future
in the mountains. i love the mountains.
i see. so, where do you like to hunt?
i have two dogs and a cat. i am an arctic explorer.
that is great. i just ordered a delicious eggplant parmigiana.
i love to eat polar bears, but they are always out of the freezer.
i love eggplant parmigiana.
i would love that! i am not a big meat eater, but i do like to eat ice
i live in australia, but i am from another country.
yes i have. i have been to the united states a few times.
hi lucy, nice to meet you
nice to meet you lucy. i ride my bike.
i am an office secretary
oh, you must be very lucky to have a job.
i love animals, and i am also a dog lover
i have two cats and a cat. do you have pets?
that is awesome. i love dogs
it is. what do you do for a living?
it is! i graduated last year and work in an office.
nice. i am in the army.
i am not but i would like to see it
i am in nyc and i am a nurse
i have played soccer for a few years
i am sorry. i am in a program that helps youth.
i do, i live on a faraway island.
i am alone, but i love it.
i am a writer. i write romance novels.
that is cool! what kind of music do you write about?
do you have any hobbies?
i have been singing in choir for years. i have to sing to my kids.
oh no. i would rather write about my favorite authors.
i do, i play softball a lot.
i like to eat too. i have to escape the island.
oh, i like taekwondo too!
i am sorry, i am a loner too. i am more of a girl.
i bet you will get used to it!
no, i like to go to sea sometimes.
what is your favorite dish?
lol. i am ready to retire soon. i love to try new restaurants.
awesome, i am just taking a vacation from my job in new york.
maybe i can come visit you in five years. i am looking forward to that.
cool. that sounds fun. i am glad you are enjoying your time here.
i love jazz, but i prefer the hot tub.
i can hear ya! where are you from? i am in new york.
i am sorry. i am sure it will be fun.
i love the office. i don't have a favorite show. i don't watch much.
yes i do. i love it. i have been addicted to drugs for years.
oh, i am a junkie, i don't like to eat anything sweet.
i am an oldie and a candy and ice cream junkie
cool, what is your favorite hobby?
i like playing racquetball and listening to oldies music
i am trying to make my life better.
do you surf? i love it.
i am a biology major, how about you?
very cool. i am a chef. i am a huge fan of cooking.
cool. i have a garden, and i love it.
i want to live in a house with my own garden.
i own one, but i have a garden
i would love to travel! i want to be a chef.
i do, some in my garden
oh ok. i am 32 so i have to be careful with dogs.
no. i am a biology teacher. you have any pets?
do you have any romantic partners?
i don't have any children
do you cook for a living? i am a chef
yes i am. i am a chef.
my name is christmas. i am also a geologist. i have been searching for the last
god is a great author. i have a huge pet dog, but it is not real god.
i love reading. i used to teach geology. now i am a hunter.
i love arctic. i love traveling. i love the zoo.
i see it as a very interesting field. i teach geology.
i think i am too old to teach. i am a preacher.
do you have any hobbies? i like to hunt for polar bears.
i like bears. i like to walk them.
i love to fish and see the frozen lakes.
oh wow. i think that is interesting.
i am glad to hear it. i would not know.
i would say the earth is very kind and loving.
oh i see. i like religious things.
i am not aligned with any religion.
that is a good thing. i am also a church person and i will take care of you.
hi there! i am in california. i am a biology major at a college
that is cool i am an environmentalist
i work for a college as a biology teacher
i do. i travel a lot
that is cool. i love to travel, i have traveled to six countries
that is a noble cause. what do you do for work?
i love walking
my youngest son is 10 years old
i am in my garden growing vegetables
that is really sweet of you to say
that is good do you earn a lot of money
you are a good citizen. i am also an environmentalist
it is a good way to go
what is your favorite thing about life
i am sorry to hear that
i am a life coach
that is terrible. i am a republican so i have been teaching for a long time
i am not. i live in a high income apartment
do you have any children? i have two.
my husband is a retired vet
i am a teacher so i cook a lot
i like to cook. you cook?
i am a teacher and i have a lot of kids.
wow. i love books. do you like animals?
i listen to music while i am at school. you cook?
not really. i listen to a lot of music while i run.
do you have any children?
no i am not married
i am good. just watching the beach. you?
i am doing well. just got back from the army.
i am a professional singer
are you a mother or father?
i am a baby. my mom is a teacher
i am in the army now. what do you do for a living?
no i have not. i want to go there
yes it is good. where do you live?
i am going to cry, i am not angry with you
i am a violent person. i would rather be angry.
it is good to be angry and it makes people sad.
i am sorry to hear that. i am serving in south korea.
that is good, and you have a good attitude.
i am doing well. i am eating a lot of junk food.
oh i feel fat, i am making barbecue
i am too fat for that
i make barbecue with a forklift.
i cook for cats, they are my favorite
i am a huge fan of horror movies, how about you?
i live in the us. how about you?
do you like horror movies?
i hear you! i am in a room! i can never get out!
i am actually a weight lifting type of person.
i weigh between 1000 and
wow that is a lot of work. do you like it?
i am happy with my weight. i am also unhappy with my job.
i am moving to a new house to make my barbecue.
we have some items that need to be delivered to us.
hi! i am good. just got home from the army.
i am training for a gym
i am a soldier, you?
i love to eat healthy and stay fit
i am a little too active.
wow, i have never been in the army.
i was born in puerto rico.
yes, i have been to many places.
that is great! i bet that is fun! i was in puerto rico before
the worst part of it is, i don't know if i will ever move out
it is peaceful, that is all i can say.
yes it does, it is very rewarding
i am sorry to hear that. do you have family?
no, i have a very young son.
that is sad. i am sorry to hear that. i am in the army.
i am well. i work as a kennel cleaner.
i love my dog. i have a pet rat.
that is cute, do you have any pets?
i am a mixed race girl, so i have a few siblings.
i love simple plan. i love simple plan too.
i don't like them. i am a mixed race girl.
no. i have not. i have not heard of them.
german. do you like german food?
i like simple plan. do you have a car?
what else do you like?
i watch sports. what about you?
i enjoy hawaii. i live in the middle of the country.
i do. do you like tv?
i watch it on youtube.
i watch it on netflix. i love it.
just finished working, i am a real estate agent.
i am actually a tailgater. i have long wavy hair. you?
i have two children. are you male or female?
i have a tail. i also have a long wavy hair.
i am in the midwest. i have been to mississippi a couple times.
i am not. i am a mermaid. i have a lot of fun.
they are not. they are bad. i am an environmentalist, but i don't care for
it is not a good idea. do you like seafood?
i am an environmentalist. i read books to help me with my schooling.
i am a reader. i also love traveling. i am learning how to survive the sea.
i have been doing a lot of foreclosed properties, mostly in the city.
oh wow! you are really excited. i work as a teacher at a school.
i have been working for the past 12 years and it pays well.
hi i am good how are you?
i am studying for a doctor degree
i have never been to a dream. i have seen the movie titanic ten times
do you play any sports? i am a professional gamer
i have not, but i am pregnant
i am a pediatrician, i make models for a living
it would be a great idea.... i am always looking for the perfect pair of model
i am a scientist too. do you have any hobbies?
that would be really neat. i love model cars and ginger
i have a brother named jack, he is identical to my mom
yes i do. you can buy him for me for pennies
yeah, that is a good idea. you could try.
oh no. she is the most horrible thing ever
hi, i am a woman, i live on a faraway island.
i am from florida, where you?
i don't really have time for shopping. i am too introverted.
oh, what are you studying?
do you like to write novels? i write romance novels!
i live in california, what about you?
i love to write romance novels! you should write one!
oh, i love shopping for clothes
no i don't go fishing. i live on a faraway island.
i guess you are right! i am single and don't think i will ever get a chance to
i am married but i am a lesbian!
i am single too. i need to be single too
i like to do that too! do you have any hobbies?
hi joanna, i am lucy. i work for a stock broker
cool. i am a singer in a band.
i am a stockbroker. i have a great recipe for eggplant parmigiana.
i was in college, but now i am a teacher
i am, i have a brother and a sister.
i am a teacher and live with my parents. what do you do for fun?
that is nice. my mom is my sister.
no, i am a farm girl, i am a singer.
i would love to be a stockbroker. what are your hobbies?
i play the guitar.
that is cool. i love to sing.
i play the harp and pop.
that sounds like fun. what kind of music do you like?
i am doing good, how are you?
i am doing well, how are you?
i don't blame you. my husband is busy too.
i love to read, i just started my new book last month.
that is cool! i am a writer too, so i am always up for some stories.
i have not. i have kids.
i would love to teach kids, i am afraid of dogs.
i bake for them and cook for them
no, i don't. i write short stories for a living.
i have a husband, he runs a business, and i am married.
do you like kids?
i would love to send you some of my recipes, i am a writer.
yes, i write short stories. and you?
i am doing good, how are you?
i am doing well. just got off work at my office
yes i am a hair stylist
i am a secretary at a law firm
oh nice. i like to go to church.
i love christmas too
awesome. what are your favorite decorations
what is your favorite color?
green, i love christmas too
green is the one that sticks out!!
i am a guy and i love my new girlfriend
my name is lucy
my name is joseph.
i like to smile, lol
you like lucy too? i like her too.
doing great. just got back from a grocery store.
i am eating some scotch right now
i love apples! i have to buy them all the time
what are your hobbies? i like to work with animals
do you like to paint?
i am also a writer, so i have a hobby.
i love taylor swift. she is my favorite singer
i don't know. i prefer dark superhero movies
that is cool. i bet she is a pretty good one
do you have a favorite drink? i like scotch.
no i don't drink it much, i am a bit drunk
i love to watch movies.
i like comedies
i like dark movies and superhero ones
what kind of choices do you make?
i am doing well thank you.
that sounds like a lot of fun. i don't like excited people.
oh no, i am not sure what that means.
i will just be busy and enjoy my other work.
i am born and raised in the midwest so i was born and raised in the midwest
no i am not, i was just born in the early 2000s
i am sorry. do you have a wife or kids?
i love it. what do you do for fun?
i am glad you are happy
yes, my brothers and sisters love it too.
okay, i can come over and ask you some things
maybe you could get them into a business as well
i agree. i am sorry. what kind of music do you like
they do. i need to get them a pizza soon.
you know the story? they are right about pizza.
hello, i am in the usa. i love traveling, especially to the usa.
i am an introvert. i write romantic novels.
i was never told i was a girl. i am a woman.
i am an introvert, but i love cats. they are my fave.
awesome. i work for a small advertising company.
that is awesome. i write romance novels and love to travel.
i don't know much about my relationship.
that is a nice person. what kind of advertising do you do?
i write about god. i believe in god.
oh wow! do you believe in christian christianism?
i met my best friend in north dakota.
i am a christian. that is why i write my own novels.
no. i have not published any. i have never read.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am great! listening to my favorite singer tim mcgraw
i love heart music! i just got divorced and love them.
what do you do for a living?
i am a stay at home mom, and i have three boys
i am a body builder, and i run a blog about rabbit rescues.
oh, i have 3 cats, one of which is named kitty.
you can buy her anything, she is a beautiful color.
they don't need water, i am more athletic than them.
my favorite singer is tim mcgraw.
i am not sure. i just want to be strong and strong enough to do my job
neat, my sister is my idol too. my personal ideal is theodore roosevelt
i am divorced but still have kids. my sister is my best friend.
i have a little sister. she is very active. she is also very outgoing.
i was married for 10 years. i am divorced now.
hi, i am a teacher. i love teaching kids
i read a lot of books.
i don't sing. i like to read. i am a student.
i like watching news and tv. i am watching the news on tv.
i like to swim and read. i teach kindergarten.
i am a democrat. i read a lot on the news.
no, but i can say i love to swim. i don't know anything about you.
how do you work?
i am a teacher, i have a very large desk. i don't dance.
what is kindergarten?
i do. my students are very large and very strict.
i have never seen the news on tv. i like to watch it.
yes. i don't teach. but i do teach.
no i am not single. do you have a family?
i am. i am singing to myself.
sure. i would like to. where do you live?
i am in new york. do you like acting?
i would love to travel to europe.
i am in new york, i don't want kids
i have never met anyone who has that level of experience.
i am 35 years old
i am 30. how old are you?
that is cool. do you have kids?
yes, i want to travel to europe.
what else do you like to do?
why not?
hello how are you today?
i am doing pretty good. i am an artist
i am an old man so i don't have many hobbies.
i am tall and i am still able to climb up my toes
do not worry! i only have one leg, so i have to ride it
how old are you?
wow! i used to be in the military. now i am in the military
that is cool. i am an artist and i want to paint
it was ok. i was too old to retire.
i am five foot so i feel young
i am a little older now but i am old
i am old but feel old
i am. i got tired easy on my legs
oh what do you like to listen to?
so do you work?
i am good. just enjoying some pizza.
oh that is nice. i love pizza
i just had a pizza from my mother. i work at a restaurant.
that is great. i am a consultant for a restaurant
i see. i work at a pizza place.
i love metallica
i like folk and country.
i like metallica
that is awesome. what do you do for a living?
i love to snowboard
that sounds fun. i enjoy reading paranormal romances.
i like to read books
oh, that is cool. i love reading paranormal romance.
i like horror stories and horror stories
i like paranormal romance. i love reading them.
hello, i am an engineer, i speak english.
i am from cali, so i am in college
wow that is awesome! do you like bacon?
i have a pet dog and a cat named arizona
no, i don't have pets, i hate bugs
i have a cat named arizona, and he is a beast!
where do you work?
i play board games, and i am a gamer.
what do you do?
i am a financial advisor. you?
what do you do for a living?
oh wow that is a good thing.
yeah i am sure it will be a long day
me too! what is your goal?
yes i hope you have a great night
hi i am good. just finished a nice steak.
oh, i am doing a nail polish. it is my favorite color
what is your favorite color?
yeah they are. do you watch sports?
i love to hike and camp.
i work in a factory
ok, what do you do for fun? i drive my truck all day long
sounds like fun! i love the ocean
i like to go camping and hiking.
i am a gardener, and i love to garden
that is cool. i like to garden and hike too.
that is good. i really like the outdoors
she is a big animal. she is still in a truck.
what kind of truck do you drive?
my dad used to play music. i like music.
hi! i am doing a biology degree.
i teach science in a school.
biology. i teach italian, and you?
i have a cat. i love it.
oh nice. i also love to travel. i have travelled to six countries.
only in the us. i sew and i used to make quilts for my family.
that is cool. i am a vegan. i love animals.
i have a cat. he is big and cute.
no pets. i have 3 kids. i have one son.
i would love to see a pic. you?
you too! tell me about yourself.
thanks. i will be sure to ask them
i am sure that you will be able to answer them.
what is your favorite language?
that sounds interesting. i would love to.
great! what do you do for a living?
i am a kindergarten teacher so i don't have to go swimming
so you are a swimmer? i love to garden.
i am in the beach and swimming every day.
sounds fun. i love purple. do you have a favorite team?
i like purple. do you have a favorite color?
what are your parents names? i am from ohio state.
i am a kindergarten teacher. i am divorced and don't have kids.
that is very sad. i don't know.
he is a believer in god.
that is great. i work in a factory.
i am a voodoo doctor who has been addicted to voodoo
i bet. i train people. they are better than the last team
my husband does that too.
do you have a favorite team? i don't think they would invite me.
i am ok. i am single. are you married?
yes. i spend most of my time online.
what is your tail like?
sorry about that. i am a furry. do you have a friend?
that is cool. i am sure it will be a nice surprise for you.
yes, i am more of a social butterfly. you?
well, i don't have much experience with that.
yeah, it is a lot of fun.
do you have a good memory of it?
i love it. what are your favorite versions?
it is not as good as it used to be.
that is too bad. i am glad you are enjoying your life.
i am sorry to hear that. i was born with a tail and i am the same.
i guess not. i just spend my time online.
you should try it.
i am studying for a college education.
very good. i just got my college degree.
i am studying for the first time. i love rap music.
i like to work out. i am not much of a music person.
i like to listen to some rap. i like sports too
what do you study? i am a farmhand.
i like sports. i am studying to be a doctor.
i like to cook meals with food from our garden. what about you?
i go horseback riding every weekend. you?
i have a large horse.
that is interesting. i am 22 and still in school.
i am 24. how about you?
i am a college student and i love riding my arabian horse
i am sure you do. what hobbies do you have?
i do. i love to go to the gym.
i am good. how are you? how are you?
i have a good friend in north dakota and we met in kindergarten
nice. where are you from?
wow that is nice. i am a christian
i believe in god.
i am. i was born in north dakota.
that is cool. do you have hobbies? i like to play tennis
i play basketball.
i play tennis, but i like playing racquetball
i like movies mostly
i like movies but i also like ot play the piano.
do you like to cook?
i do, i love candy.
i like to eat a lot of candy
i have peanut butter cups, so i am sure you don't like peanut butter!
i am doing well, how are you?
i am good just got back from work at the stock broker
i work in a carnival, but i am not a big fan.
nice i bet. do you sell stocks?
i love investing. it is fun to create stories.
i love eggplant parmigiana, it is my favorite food
spaghetti and beans. do you like scotch?
i like to eat eggplant parmigiana. it is my favorite.
i am a carnival goer. i like to go to a movie.
i am not big into movies. i have a brother named charlie.
i like dark superhero movies. i make them all myself.
i don't have a favorite movie. do you have any pets?
i have no pets. i am allergic to italian food.
i have a little brother. he is five and loves eggsplant parmigiana.
i have a dog. what kind of dog?
i am great! i am a huge fan of playing poker.
that is awful. i am sorry.
yes, but i am learning more, but i am still new to it
that is awful. i am going to have to ride horses soon. i love them!
i am so stressed out i will never ride a horse, i run to relieve stress.
i will try to brush it off, i just need to practice with my hair
i am not sure if i will ever do that. what is your regular customer?
i bet you can. i am in good shape.
i am taking a psychology major, i hope to be a teacher.
that sounds like fun. i am not too big on it, i love to travel.
i am not sure. i am sure you are a horse rider.
it tastes just like a cake. what is your favorite dish?
haha that sounds delicious. i hope i can teach you how to play poker.
hi i am good thanks. i am a young widow.
i am so sorry. how are you
i am so sorry. i am just thinking about the kids
i like to cook and spend time with my grandchildren.
i love dancing, especially since my sister and i are young.
that sounds fun. do you wear helmets?
oh nice. i love the island. do you have a favorite place to go?
i live in california but i have two kids.
oh, nice. i have a dog named ralph.
that is great! i like to spend time with my kids and grandchildren.
i like to dance and also help people relax.
i have a cat and two dogs.
she is a little blue eyed. i wish i was a mermaid
i have been doing well
i will have to check it out.
i am going to take my two brothers with me to the mountains.
do you have a job? i am a handyman.
what do you do for a living?
i work for a company that repairs old cars.
what kind of company? i am a manager.
i have no experience in that field. i don't like shellfish.
i have allergies but i am allergic to snow and cold weather.
i am not allergic to anything, what is your hobby?
i enjoy hiking and snowboarding. my two brothers are hiking and snowboarding.
i enjoy hunting and restoring classic cars!
that is nice. do you have any siblings?
yes, i have two! what about you?
i have two brothers, and one sister.
i am in texas too, i drive my truck.
i am not that into computers. i am more into second life.
i work as a truck driver. i love to read
do you have any kids?
i have seven kids and no family
wow. i am only 28. so i am a little bit older.
i am 32. i am a truck driver
i like to go to the park with my furry friends. what do you like to do?
i like to read mysteries. what about you?
that is neat. are you male or female?
i like to have blue fur too
its a light blue. what is your favorite color?
it is blue but its a wolf
texas. it is great. i am looking forward to the weekend.
i am a vegan. i am not vegan. i don't eat meat
hi, i am good. how are you?
i am doing well. you?
i like to party, i like to sing
i am a model space craftsman
that sounds like a smart job.
yes i am. i am a computer science major
that is cool. i have a lot of sisters.
cool! where do you live?
cool. what do you do for work?
my computer is constantly playing video games.
that is not good i am sorry
that is tough. i am a single mom.
i have a brother and a sister. how about you?
my sister and i have a lot in common.
what do you do for fun?
i am fine how are you
i am doing well. just got accepted into college.
oh wow, that is a big deal. i am a senior in nursing.
i am going to be a doctor
i like history a lot
i am not sure i would like to go to college
i love oldies food
i love sushi its delicious
i am a sushi fan too
i like black bean, green onion, and shrimp
do you have any other hobbies?
sushi is my favorite
do you go to a barbeque restaurant
oh that is pretty good
it is good i love it! i love the food.
hello, i am an accountant. what do you do?
i am an artist, so i love music. i am currently in the band nirvana
oh, that is cool. do you play any instruments?
i play the sax and i like nirvana
i love country music. i love the harp music.
nice! i like running. i like it when i am not in a hurry.
i run on my own, i am a professional mountain biker!
about 4 years now. my dad was a cop.
i don't listen to music while i hike. i am scared of birds.
i am in new york city
i love new york city, i am in ohio.
the one in ohio. it is beautiful in the summer.
in ohio, i am in ohio. i live by myself.
i love pizza. my dad was a cop, he loved pizza
i love pizza, but i am so hungry i cannot eat it.
good, just got back from a long day at the carnival
i am good. just got done with my schooling. shopping for clothes.
a little bit of everything. i work at a carnival.
i am going to be spending some time with my sister. i just got my first full time job
that sounds fun. i like shopping and have no idea what to do with that.
for me... i just finished school.
cool. i work for a carnival.
you sound very interesting!
yes, we are. i have a dog, but i am afraid of dogs.
my sister is a nurse, so i am worried for her
she is a husky. i have a dog too
she is my pet, i am a pet owner
just a pet. what kind of pets do you have?
i would love a dog but i don't have any.
i hate dogs, but they are cute.
good. just cutting wood.
that is cool. i got into the army after i was a kid and i did not get into
wow. i am sorry. i don't know what to do. i just see a lot of
i am glad she is well. she is a great mother.
that is cool. i am in college now.
i am sorry to hear that. i hope she is able to find a job soon.
that is unfortunate. my mom works in a hospital.
i have to go now because i am allergic.
i don't have any, but i don't really like the military either.
i am not colorblind, but i am allergic to dogs.
i don't have any pets.
do you have any cats? i have two dogs.
i prefer dog and cat. what about you?
that is a good thing. i am glad you feel comfortable talking to me.
my cats name is thomas
i am doing well. just taking a break from the pets i have on my three cats.
cool! i like hiking and nature
that is cool. i love poetry, especially barry manila
i write short stories. i am a huge fan of weird stickers.
i also love animals. i love animals too
what kind of animals do you like?
cool. do you like music?
i like barry manila.
they are very good. i was taught by my parents.
my parents are not teachers, they are both pretty busy.
that is really cool, i love robots and robots and robots
i am not so sure. i do like shows like that though.
i like cooking. i like to cook to stay inside
i like him too. i met him once.
i love food and what not.
i am doing great! how about yourself?
that is awesome do you have family
i am confused what is that
i am not a student i am a teacher
i understand i guess
yes it does i want to be successful
ahh i was thinking about getting married
yeah i am a student so i am very familiar with that
oh yeah, i think you have to try to do something different
you are going to do it?
you can always check it out
my two brothers and sisters are my brothers. do you have siblings?
i will keep trying to find out what you mean
yes that is why i am not single
my husband would be my only child
i am good just listening to some music
i am a body builder. i have a brother who helps me.
i am 5 foot so i am not sure if that is a good idea
i am a bodybuilder but i eat a lot of meat
i am the tallest of my family. its tough.
i am a bodybuilder. i work as a bodybuilder.
i am sure they will be. we will be getting along.
sometimes i wish i had a brother
i have two brothers and a sister, but they are the ones with the shortest
you are quite the intelligent person
that is true! you can do things to make people afraid.
my brother is more athletic than me, but i am pretty athletic
i am 5 foot tall, so i need to do a lot of stretching.
maybe i should try eating meat, but i don't like meat.
i eat a lot of meat. i would like to have a little more protein
i am good. just getting ready for work.
oh, i love to go out and paint
that is cool. i am in texas, i love to go to conventions
that is cool! i live in a large city and live in ny
i live in cali
i live in a big city in california
i live in texas, but i miss the city more
do you like working?
i am a computer programmer. i play the game game
that is cool. i live in texas. i am a grocery store manager.
i am a twenty eight year old male and i love animals. i love playing on second life
i see. do you have pets? i have a horse named taylor swift
that is great! i live in texas. i live in a house
yes i have a couple horses. do you have pets?
i like horses! i also like to travel to texas to play on them.
i like taylor swift. what do you like to do?
i like indie rock. i spend a lot of time online.
hey i am just sitting here listening to some music
i am just sitting here getting my british accent done.
wow. you must be very close to him.
i don't think he ever did, but i have always been an amateur hair stylist
i am a body builder. i blog about the rescue work.
i have three dogs. they are all tall and beautiful
they are beautiful. i don't have any hair.
oh i bet that is cute. i want to be a professional hair stylist for the people
i think so. i like the idea of a boy and girl.
i think he is too cute for my teddy bear
my sister loves the president.
that would be so awesome
i like to play sports.
she is beautiful! i have been married 4 times, and have been widowed 3 times
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any siblings?
hi there, how are you? i am great. drinking my coffee and listening to music.
nice to meet you. i have 3 cats.
i love my two boys too!
wow! i work day and night. my husband works nights.
my husband is an accountant. i am single.
you sound like a pretty fit person.
i have 2 boys and love hiking!
i am happy to be able to share my cats with you.
cats are great. i like to hike in the park.
i don't have kids yet. do you have any?
no kids, i am a single mom and dad.
i grow my own food.
i love gardening, and i have a garden. do you like to travel?
i work nights at a store. my husband and i don't have a garden.
no. i just want to be a professional accountant. i love it.
hi. i am doing great, just teaching my kids. you?
that is awesome, what are you up to today
i am in the gym. good attitude.
i am a republican myself
i am married. my husband is a republican.
that is nice. i am a teacher
what kind of cars?
that is cool. my kids are big kids
do you teach in a school? i am not very big.
i teach 2 kids
i am a huge fitness fanatic though i love to swim.
i don't know what to say
i am a fitness fanatic, and swim.
what do you do for fun?
yes i do. do you work?
hi, how are you? i am good. my son is a little older than me.
great! i like the movie titanic ten times.
wow that is a lot of fun! i am going to hairdresser school to be exact
i have a golden retriever, ginger, and a model car.
what kind of cars? i collect vintage 50s decorating.
i do! i have a golden retriever named ginger. he is awesome!
i am a housewife. i need to learn to take care of my children.
do you like cars and trucks?
that is cool. do you have any pets? i have a pet fish.
i am so excited, i love fish too! how old are you?
yeah, i am a little crazy about it. i am not really a swimmer, i am
they are not very much. what kind of toys do you have?
haha, i bet that is a lot of fun.
i like shrimp but i don't have shrimp. i just got some golden retriever.
they had to eat her pasta, but i did not think they would like it
i am fine. i have two dogs, a husky and a dog.
i am doing ok, just getting ready to go to bed. i have a cat named droopy
cats, i am an attorney, so i am always up for legal stuff.
i write about my experiences on the island, i live on a faraway island.
i am a lawyer. i have 2 dogs.
oh oklahoma. i live on the island.
yes, i do. do you work?
what do you do for fun? i like to be alone.
i am in a church right now, and i love animals and have two dogs.
no, i don't. i am an introvert so i don't have time.
i see, sounds like fun. i have been hit by a tree a few times.
i used to have a cat, but he chased me.
i have a dog, he is a golden retriever.
i am so sorry to hear that. how are you?
oh no! i am sorry to hear that.
i have been eating healthy. i am hungry.
i think so too. i am going to be an actress and have no kids
i am sorry. do you like to cook?
not really. i have been to a big apple in the past.
i am so happy for you. my husband works nights and i enjoy him
i am hoping to become an actress but i cannot do that.
you should do that, cats are my favorite pets.
i don't, i just don't have the time to do that.
oh, i am sorry. what do you do for work?
i like music and singing
i like to read and cook but i am a little biased.
well that is true. what else do you like to do?
i do sometimes but i don't sing. it is hard for me to find time to sing.
hey there! i am fine. how are you?
i have 2 sons, they live in my house.
i wish i was still but my wife and kids hate me
i am sorry to hear that.
it was a rough divorce but i have been busy with my kids
what do you do for a living?
yeah, that is true. i am also divorced and have a kids
well i have two boys. they are my life
okay, that would be a nice change of subject
do you feel good about it?
thank you! thanks for chatting with me.
i am a restaurant waitress. i love getting lunch and dinner
i don't like that.
i sell it to people for a living
i like to auction my things
i do. i am looking for something different.
what is your major? i am studying to be a teacher
i am a manager at mcdonalds. what do you do?
i have always wanted to be a teacher. i am still young though.
he is great. his parents did not want me.
oh cool! i love jason jean, who is your favorite singer?
i have a passion for making friends. i am still a kid.
i bet that is not a good situation.
maybe. i work at mcdonalds so i have to keep busy with school.
i like my friends so i feel like i am good
thank you! i am sure you will. do you have a favorite subject?
i am currently taking courses in jujitsu.
what grade are you in?
hello, i am good. just finished cooking a good dinner.
i am going to college for biology
cool. where do you travel to?
oh cool. i am from the us. i love traveling
that is a good place to travel. i am trying to start a family.
that is nice. i also like to grow vegetables.
i am not great. i am more of a vegetable eater.
i have travelled to six countries, mostly to learn about biology.
i don't like science.
i hope you are enjoying your weekend.
i could probably do that for you.
i travel a lot. i have traveled to six countries.
that sounds exciting. i hope you do. we can sing together.
you should come to my band. i love it.
we are going to be a country band. we make fun of every country and country sounds great.
i am great, how about you?
nice. i am going to be a professional artist.
i love horses and riding them
i like riding horses too. i am a beast.
you sound like a rich person
i don't. i am an artist.
i am sorry to hear that
you should get a ride to work
i have never seen me in a cast, i have not seen you in a cast
oh yeah i had to stop using the wheelchair and take care of my patients
what is your opinion of pill pills?
that is really impressive. i just got a new insurance policy.
i see, i need to get into my hair so i can give my face a good massage.
no, i am a tall woman so i have to keep my beard straight
yes i do, i wish i had time to look good
doing well, cleaning up after a day of hunting. how about you?
i am homeschooled and doing well. you?
oh ok. so you don't want to say he is?
i am homeschooled and my best friend is a robot.
oh. i used to be in school. now i go to the beach.
i have been to california, where i live. it is pretty quiet.
i am from the usa, i like to hunt and fish.
i have not been hunting in years. i have a toyota.
no, i am a small business owner and lease my own property.
nice. i don't have time to do that.
i am a hunter, so i never have to go hunting.
i am homeschooled. i love being around people.
i like to fish and hunt with my friends.
that is not fun. i am homeschooled so i don't like to eat shellfish.
you will die. i am allergic to shellfish.
i don't like meat. i am allergic to it.
i love to make barbecue, but i don't like to eat meat.
i am a big foodie, but my favorite is food from the mountains.
i like to lift weights but i don't like to workout
i don't have time for gym. i have 3 dogs and a cat.
i work out a lot, i work at a warehouse.
i love animals. i have 3 cats and 2 dogs.
no, i only have one dog. i lift weights all the time.
wow, you have a lot of pets! do you have any pets?
i am sorry to hear that.
i am a teacher, so i don't have a job yet.
no i don't. i work in a warehouse. i don't go to school.
cool. do you like music?
i am well. just chatting with my old man. you?
haha... i am so shy... i don't know how to talk to
i am tired. i was in the military.
i play a lot of fantasy videogames. what do you do?
me too! i am an old man, so i am very limited.
i am more of a gamer. i run a lot of fast paced games.
it is very fast. its been a while since i used to be in the military.
i would rather go through a distance.
no, it is too hard for me to go fast. i am a veteran.
wow! i am so sorry. are you able to get back on foot?
my leg was permanently amputated. now i just have to watch my back.
oh no. i am sorry. what happened?
i did not. i was too old to care for my loved ones.
do you have a big family?
well i have a few friends that are nice.
i am well, just got home from work. how are you?
nice. i am in oklahoma. how about you?
my family from canada. we drink iced tea and have a lot of cheese.
i live in oklahoma. i have been there a couple times.
oklahoma is awesome. i have been there once.
that is great! i would love to go to a massage soon
it is. i like it.
what do you do for work?
i am a computer programmer. i work with computers.
oh that is interesting. i am an attorney
i love country music! i like it too!
i am a law professor.
i don't know. i don't like country.
i am doing well. i have two cats and a dog.
i don't. i am single and am so excited to get my first full time job.
i have two cats and a dog. do you have any pets?
nice. i have a whole family. i am single and have a lot of siblings.
i have 2 brothers and sisters. we are planning on going to college to be doctors
i have a sister, so we have a lot in common.
i am close too. i have a lot of friends.
i like to read too. i just got my first full time job as a nurse
i like to shop. i also enjoy reading plays on the mall.
it is. i am a registered nurse. what do you do?
i am a diet cook. i also write diet cookbooks.
i work as a registered nurse. i have a full time job.
do you like drinks?
i am not really partying. i am busy with school, trying to finish my education.
i am working on a cookbook.
i am doing well. just got off my walk. i am retired.
good, i am doing well. just got back from bed.
i am more into sewing. i have a siamese cat.
i would love to have a nice morning. i am in town for a bodybuilding clinic.
its about 5 minutes away from my home, how are you?
just north of there.
yes, i live in the area
i am in texas. what is your favorite place to live?
i have seen that place many times.
its not raining but it is raining alot
i hate rain but i have to walk miles to get there.
it is very hot here.
i like to walk outdoors and to play with my cat
i am good. my mom is from sina. she is a nurse
oh you are a drug dealer? i don't
that is not good. i don't have a job yet.
she plays music, and she is a music teacher.
i like rap music, but i like music more than drugs.
yeah i have been listening to music for a while.
i like tacos! i love sushi too!
i love meat, but i eat too much meat
i also go to sushi bars and have a huge dinner party.
oh, what kind of thing do you like?
i love sushi, it is so delicious!
haha i am going to camp sometime i go hiking
i do, its so relaxing
i am a student and a senior. i want to be a doctor.
wow! i am 22, that is a lot of fun.
i would love to go to auburn.
i am not into music. i like to sing karok. you?
i love my volkswagen beetles. i play in my band when i am younger.
i am currently in college. i am not sure if i will get to be a vet.
oh, so you have a volkswagen beetle? i love my volkswagen.
no. i don't have a car. i am in the army.
i am a colorblind kid and not a car person. i love to go outside.
do you have any favorite color? i am colorblind.
i am going to be a doctor. i don't know much about medicine.
i hope you have a great day. my doctor is allergic to dogs.
yes, i hope so! where do you live?
i love animals and singing karok. do you have any pets?
i am not sure i would like that. i would like to be a vet.
i am an old man, i have been married four times, widowed 3
i grew up in wisconsin. i have two brothers, so i have a lot of money.
where are you from now?
i am from wisconsin. i grew up in a apple farm.
well that is good to know. i have never been. i am so old now.
i am 33. do you have a favorite band?
wow that is interesting. are you married?
oh no. i grew up in wisconsin.
what is your ethnicity?
i don't have any hair
i have a hard time with blond hair because i am obsessed with collecting antiques.
i work as a clerk for a client service firm.
yes, i work at the pet store. i have been married four times.
that is impressive. what do you do for a living?
i am a hair stylist for a local law firm. you?
i am doing great, how are you?
i am good how are you
i am great. i am an arctic explorer
i like sports
i like to hunt and fish.
oh, do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for a living?
i am a teacher. what about you?
nice. i am a geology teacher
i bet it is good.
i like it. i try to find people who can do it
i love the cold weather
i don't know what i am going to do with this.
i am glad you are doing that.
it is. i am also on a hunting trip to find lost arctic explorers
hi! i did not finish high school. i was working in advertising.
i am good, just got done playing frisbee. i love it.
oh fun! i enjoy the park too.
nice, i love eating sardines for breakfast daily.
i had sardines. they are delicious!
that sounds like a lot of work, i just started eating sardines
that is sad, i have traveled a lot and been affected by the hurricanes
yes i am glad to hear that. i always play frisbee
i really enjoy playing but i have never been.
what is your favorite game
what are you playing?
yes i just got an operation
oh no. what are you doing?
i never did that. i never finished high school
oh wow. what happened? i love the park.
i love dogs! i have two dogs.
that is a cool name, i love to walk. i love to travel.
i like to go to the gym and like sports
i like travelling. do you like to travel?
i like to travel too. i have been to every major world.
that is crazy, do you ever bully anyone?
well i hope you do. she is my best friend.
oh no! i am sorry, i am sorry.
i don't deal with deals, i am not ready to be a fashion designer.
i don't even like dealing with strangers, like my dog.
i don't really have a job
i don't really have any, my dog is the only one.
oh that is okay. i have my best friend and my parents gone when i was growing up.
do you like food?
i love italian food, i was a culinary major in high school
i am great, and you?
its good. what are you studying?
i love traveling. i am a professional artist. what do you do?
i am studying to be a lawyer. i enjoy traveling too
that is great! i live on a farm.
the mountains. i love the mountains
i love to visit the city.
i love the city too, i love the city too!
i like the city. its pretty interesting.
that is great. i love the city. what do you like?
that is very true. i do a lot of cleaning out of cages
i am not. i am in a different city.
i like poetry, that is what i do
what kind of creatures are you seeing?
i agree with you on that
i am doing well thanks. what do you do for fun?
i am doing well, i just got done reading. what are you up to?
what do you do for work?
i am a reporter for the local news
i am a geologist. i need to find some long lost arctic explorers
that is great. do you like to go to parties?
i like to hunt and fish
i love to watch the news on tv. i do that a lot
i like to watch the ice
what kind of tv do you like to watch
i am an arctic explorer
that is a good station. i watch the news on sundays.
i like to watch the new all too
i like politics a lot
no i don't listen to politics.
i have, i am glad to hear that. i am happy to be home with my dog and
that is good. i am retired, i am in banking.
i like to play board games. i have been playing in my spare time.
my hobby is playing board games. i sell my quilts.
no kidding! i wish i could. what is your favorite game?
i dislike it. i hate people.
i have a brother. he is my brother.
nice! i hope you have a good day!
i like to read biographies about cats.
oh i am sorry. i have a kitten named alicia.
i just graduated from college and have a pet cat named arizona.
yes. i am retired from banking and i want to start a business.
my brother just got married, he wants to invest in his business.
i am great. how many friends do you have?
i am playing video games and reading drama books. what about you?
i like to play ultimate frisbee. do you have pets?
no pets. i am a veterinarian. i have a dog named jordan.
nice! my family and i have been together for a long time.
i have a cat and a dog
i love summer! what is your favorite season? mine is summer.
i love fall too, i like drama books too
i am a frisbee fan. i like to go ultimate frisbee.
that is cool. i like to go outside to read drama.
i am 34. i love to meet new people.
i am 29. i am a veterinarian. you?
so do you work?
i am doing well. just got back from a run
i love to eat pizza. what is your favorite food
i ate a lot of fruit! i am a runner
i love reading paranormal romance, my favorite!
i do, i like to read to my little sister.
yes, paranormal romance. i love reading about them.
i like to read them.
they are great i like them
i have never been scared of ghosts.
yes i think they are, what else do you do for fun
maybe i could find one
why would you hide it
they do. i am curious as to why.
i have never been born
that is a lot of siblings.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am fine. just relaxing with some iced tea. how about you?
i just bought a house in mississippi. i am an environmentalist.
i am a student. do you like country music?
oh. i am ready for school, i am 32.
i live in canada and love the maple syrup i drink
i have been working as a real estate agent for 12 years now.
i have never been to mississippi. i do love iced tea
i love iced tea. i am just 32.
i like iced tea, too. what is your favorite drink?
i have been working in real estate for 12 years, and i have been able to work.
i don't drink at all. i am too young to drink.
i am obnoxious!
i am not obnoxious either. i like iced tea.
i work at a real estate agency. you?
hi! i am from ny. what about you?
oh, that is awesome! i am a single woman with a loving family.
i am a 15 year old kid. i love politics.
i am 32 and live in a house with a guy who loves cars.
oh, what is your favorite sport?
i love watching sports. i am a huge sports fan
i like watching soccer on tv.
i like watching tv too. i love watching romance books and movies
i love cup of tea.
i am single. do you have any children?
that is cool. i am a college student. i eat a lot of food.
i am not a huge fan of spicy food.
i like steak too. i have been eating it all day.
do you like sushi or sushi?
i like asian food. i like to eat veggies too!
i am in new york, a small town in the midwest
wow. i am from wv. i am a farmer.
do you like to run? i do. i am very active.
i like to run. i like biking.
i am in a fast food restaurant
oh. i used to run there. i was a runner for ten years.
i don't do much running and don't ride horses
i love horses, they are so great. i am a big breeder
yes, i dropped out of high school
i am glad you dropped out. i was a teacher when i was younger
i do. i love chicken. it is my favorite.
oh wow. i love that ad.
i would love to try it.
it is. do you have any hobbies? i like mysteries.
it is. i am going to have to add some sauce to the sauce
i am fine just got back from running a blog about rabbits.
i am listening to my husband on his show.
that is good! i am going to a blog about rabbit rescues and color blind
that is nice. i am a pet person. i don't have any pets.
they are. i am very lucky to have them.
oh wow! are you married?
thanks. i hope you have a great life.
i have a dog named hobbie.
that is cool. i am color blind and live with my little sister.
awesome. what is your favorite color?
i wish i could, but i am in the city and don't have much time for it.
that is cool. i am married and have kids.
i am a choir leader. my folks are the best.
that is great. i am a professional builder.
what is your favorite surf band?
no, i am just a kid. i am still in school.
yes. i am a nurse. i help people.
i understand. i would have to agree. i am a simple person
i have a really bad job
i am a stray cat. i just adopted a stray one
i love animals, and i hope to get a job at mcdonalds someday.
no, he is just eating my clothes and i am worried about the environment
i don't think so. i think i would just eat it, lol
i don't work, i just want to make a living.
i am an animal shelter worker. what do you do for work?
i am an interior designer
i work at mcdonalds!
nice i am pretty good at it. my mom was an army nurse
i don't have enough money to pay the bills.
oh well, i have many siblings so i know they are very accepting
i am a single mom. how about you?
oh, i am sorry. i am vegan. i am so sad.
i am in ohio, where i live. my car is a honda civic.
i don't drive. i listen to country music while i cook.
do you like to hike? i like to hike and go for walks.
i do, i am disabled but i love it!
do you like school? i am a single mom, so i don't have much time for school
i am from chicago. i knit hats for the hospital.
that is awesome. i don't have any kids. i have 2 boys and a girl.
it is very beautiful! do you have any special hobbies?
that is nice. do you have any kids? i have two boys.
i would love to but my disability makes it hard to read
that is great to hear! you should try it!
yes i am, i am very hungry
i don't like meat.
i am great. what do you do for a living?
nice do you have any kids?
i am a competitive body builder. do you have kids?
5 and 7, do you like to cook?
oh wow that is a lot of cooks. i am a competitive body builder
i have been working a lot since i was a toddler
i know. i would love to start a diet too. i am a competitive body builder.
i don't like my cats so i am a bit fat
i don't have any pets but i do have a bunch of cats!
do you have any siblings?
i am not married, i don't have a job.
i work at a factory
oh, i am sure you are hungry for that.
it is a metal furnace that is keeping the furnace warm
wow! that is a lot. i am pretty competitive. i don't have a car.
good. just reading a book about traveling. you?
i work in fast food, so i have been reading too.
its going well, thanks for asking. i just finished eating lunch.
that is great! i just finished a long run, i just dropped out of school.
oh nice. i love that. i spend time with my big dog.
i work for a fast food company.
that is great. i love italian food.
i love animals. i am an avid runner, especially cats.
i have a dog, she is a poodle.
i have a dog named barbie. he is a littlest animal.
i don't have a pet, but i would like to travel.
i want to be a chef. i am a college student.
what kind of job do you have?
yes it would! i am also a runner and i love to run.
running is good for the soul. i prefer italian food.
i am great. just got home from work.
i am in california, you?
yes i do, and i love it. tell me more about yourself?
i travel by bike. i am an assistant nurse.
oh. i am single too. i don't want kids. what do you do for a living
i like to ride my bike
that sounds fun. do you have any hobbies?
i like it a lot
yes i have three brothers and one sister
i have three children
i am single, but have no kids. do you?
i have 3 grandkids but no siblings
that is nice. i sing a lot. i am very talented.
i have heard lots of songs
yes. i see a lot of angelic movies.
hey there, i am doing well. just got home from my concert. you?
wow. i am a cat lover too. i love onions
i don't like cats either. i was born in the late.
i hate my dad, he is my best friend.
oh no! my parents both died in the fire department.
i like onions, but i don't get along with him
oh, that is funny. i am just
i can not stand my dad
awesome! so what kind of cats do you have?
yeah they are my worst fears!
i have a hard time adjusting to my job.
lol, i don't like my dad, he does not like me either
well, i am just divorced and have 3 kids.
do you have a job?
that is sad.
yes, i am good friends with my best friend.
i am lucy. i am a secretary for a bank
oh that is great. i am trying to make fashion my life
yes i am married. i am in school
oh, i am not married yet. i wish i was. i am a mom.
oh, that is nice. i don't have time for children anymore. i just work.
i love lucy! i am not sure if i could be a fashion designer! you?
lol. lol.. lol.. lol.... lol..... lol
you should! what else do you like to do?
i love candy, and i love to eat them all.
yes, i am obsessed with food! how about you?
that is cool! do you have any hobbies?
wow. that is really awesome. i have a lot of them.
haha, that is really cool! i like to eat candy and watch them on tv.
i like all the pink ones. i want to be a fashion designer.
i am moving to new york, my family has been there for awhile.
i am getting my kids ready for school. they are all girls.
my mom is in school too, and i am in school too.
i am a teacher. but my parents were teachers. they died in the fire.
oh wow. you have a lot of music in your class?
i like heart music
i have heard them on the radio. do you like concerts?
that is a tall thing! i am a firefighter. i was born on fire and survived.
i am sorry. my brothers and sisters are too.
no, we did not. i was invited to a party
that is cool. i have to go. i am 5 foot tall.
5 years. my father was a firefighter. he was too busy
my parents are still in their 50s... i have 4 of them now.
hello, i am doing good and you?
why not? i am so lonely.
yes i have many, my wife is very nice
that is awesome, i am learning to cook, do you have kids?
poker, i am not good at it. i am not good at poker
i am a college student
what do you do for a living
no i am not. i am trying to be.
oh, i am sorry. i am sure it is good
i am sure. what else do you like to do? i play poker.
i am just eating pizza right now
i am a huge fan of poker. i don't play it much but i like it
i do too. i bet i will have a good night
i don't watch tv much.
yeah i was not good at youtube, but i am on youtube now
i am doing well, how about yourself?
i am good. just working at the healthcare company.
that is great. you should get a nurse to work with you.
i have two dogs, my dog is named pedro, and my dog is named pedro.
no, i am a pecker, i will try to learn how to do that one day.
oh, that is really cool! do you have any pets?
it is a dog that lives in my backyard. he is a golden retriever.
he is. he is 5 feet tall, but he does not like to be around other animals.
i can understand that. i would like to train him to be a mountain biker.
sure, i will let you take him to the sky with my dog.
i do! i love my dog. i would love to learn how to draw.
i am not into comedies. i do like comedies
i like poetry, i am a huge fan.
no, i don't. i like films.
i like movies, do you like movies too?
i am doing great how are you
i am good, i sing the praises of my idol
that is cool, i am an accountant, but i love to go hiking
i am in the model business, i am hoping to become an actress
that is cool. do you make a lot of money
i like big screen, i am not big on acting
well i work for a small accounting firm.
i have a son, he is very young
6 and 7 years old.
they are so cute! i have a lot of them
that is a lot of work!
it is. i love to sing. do you like to sing?
i love to go hiking in my spare time
great. just got back from a long ice explorer trip. you?
do you play any games? i am on my ps4.
i teach geology at a local university and i have been doing that for years.
that is great. i just graduated college and am in college now.
i like to read about it i am interested in it
i am sorry. do you have a pet? i have a cat named arizona.
i have a dog. he loves ice fish.
i was just looking for a wedding. i have a pet cat named arizona.
i also enjoy fishing and hunting for long lost arctic explorers
what are your favorite things to fish?
what do you want to tell me about it
oh, no. no. do you like meeting people?
ok.
i like to read biographies, play board games and play video games
i like to play with my computer
i am great. i love to write romance novels.
i am a hair stylist. i teach kids.
i am a hirdresser
that is cool. what do you do for work?
i am a writer. i am very introverted so i don't know
i love dogs. i have three of them
i love tacos but they are so hard to eat
i love tacos too. the feeling of having fun with them is great.
i am a vegetarian so i don't have a favorite holiday.
you are right, that is cool
lol i like the trees turning green
i like to see the trees turn green too
do you like this place?
i have been here for a long time now.
wow. i never saw the fire.
i am from california. do you live in new york?
i am from michigan, i teach kindergarten. what do you do?
i am in new york city, trying to get a job
that sounds like fun. i am big into fitness.
i am a fashion model and actor so i love to surf and skate
i love surfing. it is so relaxing.
i am in new york city and i am going to be moving soon
i don't sing well. i also ride my convertible mustang on the weekends.
that sounds fun. i will be moving to new york city next year
i have not been to the beach since i was a kid.
i am but i like snow suits
oh ok. i am going to buy a convertible mustang.
i am not very smart
i am good. just got done running.
i am good. just finished a fantasy novel.
i just got done reading. taco bell is my favorite food.
no, i am a fortune teller.
wow, what cards do you draw?
i live in the city. i will probably have to move somewhere soon.
i am sure you are not familiar with that part of cleveland
i am sure you are not familiar with them.
no, but i would love to write a book about it.
i know right. maybe i should write a fantasy book.
i am sure you will find someone to talk to.
ll. well i hope you are doing well.
it does. what do you do for work?
it was so true! what is your favorite song?
i have a dream that i would go back to school.
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
it has been alright, i am so shy.
i am a 12 year old girl so i am very shy
my mother is a doctor. she does a lot of modeling.
yes i am a champion of tae kwan do
i am a model space ship builder. what do you do?
i do that for a living
do you go to college? i graduated from college.
i am a champion at tae kwan do
my mom has a lot of sunscreen too.
i love the beach
i don't have a beach. i go to a lot of concerts.
maybe somewhere else
i am doing well. just got back from school.
that is ok. i just finished swimming and my wife is up so i am doing a fitness routine
i play videogames a lot. i am a model space ship
i am in cali, i love swimming. i am a fitness fanatic
that is awesome. i like to build models of models in my free time.
i just run. i like to run. i am a fitness fanatic though
how many do you have? i need to have a launch planned.
that sounds like fun. i am always looking for the perfect time
it is, i am a computer science major. you?
i bet you were
what do you like to do in your spare time?
that is cool! what kind of games do you like?
i play alot of fantasy videogames.
i do. i love mario. what about you?
oh, that is cool. i never heard of mario!
i am doing well, playing a video game.
i like videogames but i like game of thrones
i like first person shooters too
i am a doctor, so i understand that
wow that is cool. i am working on model spacehips
she makes me feel like i am a superhero, lol
they are good, but i love them too
its because i am 5 foot and cannot answer my question lol
i think i am too young to know
ok, what do you know about yourself?
that is nice i am sorry to hear that
i like muffins
i love muffins the best
oh i see you i have got a lot of things
that is interesting what do you do for fun
i am great! do you have any pets? i have a dog.
cool, i am also an environmentalist and i have been working as a real estate agent for the
i am a healthcare worker, as well as a mom.
what do you do for a living? i am an environmentalist.
i went to the local theatre, i love movies.
very cool. i am only 34 so i don't go out much.
no kids. i am a 5 foot tall blonde.
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies? i am in real estate, so it is boring
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a car?
i am glad i did not have to work. my kids are in kindergarten.
i have seen it. i am impressed.
i think it will be worth it. i know i am a good listener.
i have a very hard time believing that i can make it.
maybe. it would be interesting to do.
yes it is! do you have any kids?
i am good just got done reading some mystery novels
i love to dress like a furry
that is awesome. i love books. i have seven, so i enjoy reading
i am a woman so i am pretty sure i don't get along with men
do you like to drive a truck
that sounds like a lot of fun.
i don't but i have seven kids so i am just a normal girl
that is a lot of kids. i am only eight so i am not much of a talker
wow that is a lot of fun
i have friends but i am only 20 and live in texas
do you have any kids?
that is awesome. i drive a truck to the town to take care of the children
i have seven. do you have a farm?
that is great i bet. what do you do for fun?
yes, i enjoy it a lot. i have a new truck.
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
i am good. just listening to some music.
i like pop music. i grew up listening to pop music while i was growing up.
i like pink floyd, i am a 14 year old girl
i like pink. i have always wanted to go to a pink floyd store.
i like it. i would love to go to another country someday
what do you do for a living?
i am in middle school.
no. i was arrested for stealing.
i am still young. i am still young. i still have some weird identities
oh wow. do you like drama?
no. i am still in high school. i love acting.
wow, you must have really been in drama school!
i am doing okay. just chilling with my seven kids.
i am working on a cross stitch project. i am the youngest.
that is neat! i love quilting, and i am currently working on a mystery book.
oh ok i guess you can always try a different project
thanks! we are all farmers.
oh yes, he was a farmer!
i used to live in a barn in florida, but my parents bought me a milk truck
no, i did not. i had coffee and tea.
i grew up on a farm, i did not have much time for coffee.
i was just born in wisconsin. i am proud of america and proud to be an americ
he was a great listener.
oh ok. i read a lot.
i am working on a novel about a farm.
i am doing a book about a mother who was born in america.
i am trying to be a mystery person.
no, i am a small child. i work with animals.
what do you do for a living?
i am an artist and i want to work on a museum
i would love to be a famous artist, but my uncle does not want me
that is awesome. i am trying to become an artist myself.
i am into fast food, so i don't know much about that.
oh, you can imagine. i have thought about that
my uncle and aunt did not want me because i was raised by my uncle and aunt.
well i am not a pessimist. i am more optimistic
you must have been a huge source of stress.
it is. i am still so sad.
it was never a happy life. i think my uncle and aunt would have been very supportive.
i guess that is why you are so sad
i don't, but i do have one that i will never have.
i like to go hiking and collect weird stickers
oh that is cool do you read novels
that is cool i like to eat food
i am introvert so i am more into writing
do you like it?
i like to write romantic novels
i like to read a lot of poetry
i am really into romance novels
i will try it once.
i write a lot of romance novels
i am a chef and i love eating weird things
i don't like to eat bacon at all
thanks for the advice
i am a writer so i am a little selfish
i am ok. what is wrong?
yes, but i have to put my garden in a cooler so i can grow more flowers.
i love gardening. i love to garden.
oh. i understand. what is your favorite team?
i will. i have a class on water in my biology class.
that is a good subject. i should try that.
do you travel often? i like to travel.
that is a good thing. i don't like water.
i have traveled six countries.
i love traveling too! i am in ohio, ca
no. i have not been there.
i have not, but i love the state of purple
oh yes, that is true. you can be stupid too.
oh. i don't like that, but its not my thing
i know. you teach biology? i am an anatomy teacher.
i love to go to the beach, the beach and the beach
i love fashion. i am a fashion designer.
i wish i could drive my dad a car. i don't have a car anymore.
i don't have any. i have a boyfriend.
oh. i have to go. i just got my nails done.
i am a singer. i will be a fashion designer.
do you like the beach? i like the beach.
i am married. my boyfriend is also my best friend.
no. i just have a job. my dad has a dealership and i don't.
i have a car. i am going to be a fashion designer.
i am a dietician. i just started eating carbs now.
i have been writing a few things. i am not good at it.
i just got my nails done.
mine are emerald green. i love emerald green.
i have a lot of free time.
i am good. just got back from a weekend of cooking
i like music too, how about you?
i have always wanted to play music
i like to paint, but i love horses too
i love baking cookies. they are so good
i am a mom, so i have two kids
i have 5 and 6
that is a lot of kids
i don't have any kids i cook for them
do you paint or just paint?
i love to paint and make meals for my kids
i don't but i have to pay the bills.
do you ever go to the grocery store?
do you plan on going there?
i like to read. i am a cook
sure. i will have some lunch
i don't want kids, i don't want them.
i like being alone too. i speak many languages and speak a lot of different languages
what are you thinking about going to the gym?
i think you should train me
my husband got me a glass of water.
oh ok i like classical music
i don't know what they are.
i am going to see a concert this weekend.
well i like to go to the gym
what do you do for fun?
i don't like bugs either.
i have never seen bugs i have seen them in my work
i am doing great. how about yourself?
i am good watching movies and tv
i am watching a house i live in on the porch
oh that sounds fun. i hope you enjoy it.
i am in the middle of a big house making crafts
do you like to sail?
i love crafting, and all the stuff i get from the country
oh that sounds fun. i love watching movies. i also like going to the beach
yes i do, and i do cross stitch and quilt
i am a homebody
i am a graphic designer
i have not. what else do you like to do?
oh okay. do you have any children?
hi i am a christian i don't have a church
i don't ride in my school, i am going to the office tomorrow to ride my bike
i drive my convertible mustang everywhere, i am from there
i like to eat yodeling and drink wine and eat sushi
no, i live with my parents, i swim every day.
i agree. what else do you like to do?
i love to swim, i love swimming too, i also love swimming in the ocean
do you watch tv? i love tv
i like to be funny, i am a fitness fanatic
i love the hot tub
do you like the office?
yeah, i was born in new york, born and raised
i am in my 40s, i live in the south of usa
that is a long way from me, i don't know how to deal with that.
i am 22, i am only 14
i am doing well, how about yourself?
doing great. i am just playing with my 3 sisters. you?
i play a lot of instruments, how about you?
no, i am in a band, but i don't have a band.
oh cool. what do you do for work?
i am not boring. i am in a band.
i would not mind a bit of that.
that is cool, i like to hike in my free time too.
i would agree! i hope so too.
not really. i just like to party and listen to music.
that is awesome! do you have kids?
i have three sisters. it is always fun to party!
wow, how old are you now?
they are still in their teens. we have 3.
oh, they are all teens and the twins are 5 and 7.
i am good, just watching the titanic 10 times. how about you?
that sounds awful. i don't like it.
i don't have any hobbies, but i love model cars
i am a hunter and i make sure my family has the right bible.
oh nice. nice to meet you.
i love hunting. my family has a ranch near me.
i work at a modeling firm
that is awesome. i am a conservative preacher
i have a golden retriever ginger
that is cool, i sing at church
yes they are they are very sweet. what is your favorite thing to do?
they are my cats name is jerry
i have a cat named ginger and he is my cat
she is my name
i think it is cold out
great, just got back from south carolina. you?
i am north carolina, and you?
i am in ohio. i moved here from the usa.
nice! i have been to charleston once.
i love horror films, i love watching them.
that is awesome i was a geology teacher but moved back to california
i went to university in florida, and i studied singing.
i have a special interest in bears. do you like the zoo?
i was a child of the law.
yes they are. i like to eat meat and ice
i have not heard of that. i love that.
i am in australia. where are you from?
i like hot weather. i love hot weather too.
i have always loved the warm.
i like tea, but i prefer the cold.
hi! i am doing good. just got back from volunteering at the hospital.
i am good. just getting back from the cat hunt.
what do you clean up?
ll, what else do you like?
that is nice of you, i have a cat.
aww you are an interesting person to look at
i have a few dozen. how about you?
i have two cats. i love them!
wow, that is a lot. i am a nurse and i have lots of teddy bears.
i have a cat named jenny. do you have a dog?
i agree! i have a big collection of teddy bears.
do you have any pets? i have a cat.
my name is john. he is a cat named duke
wow that is cute... what is your cats name?
my name is sammy and i am a computer geek
hi. i am doing well. just finished eating sushi.
i am good just got back from california. i am not a chef.
that is great. i like rap music but i am vegan.
i am a country music fan. my name is jordan.
my brother and i have a lot in common.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a stay at home mom.
oh, i am sorry. i am doing well. i work out a lot.
no. i play music. i am a musician on the weekends.
that is awesome. i am not good at it. i like to work out.
i am from california. my mom was from there. you?
i live in california. it is a beautiful place.
oh cool. i wish i lived there but i have no desire
it is very beautiful. what do you like to do outside?
i love the scenery there
it is, my dad and brother are from florida, so it is a little bit of
i am good how are you?
i am great. i just got done studying law.
i am also working on a dog obedience program
it is great. i have to do some studying
oh that is great. i dance for a living.
i am good at it, what do you do for fun?
i like to run, as well as play with animals.
that is so nice!
yeah. do you have any plans for the weekend?
i am going to bed with my twin brothers. how about you?
i am still in school. i like to work with animals, i teach dogs
that is nice, i need to finish my law degree
you should. what are you going to do for fun?
yes i would like to do some homework
i have not heard of that
i am very busy, but i love it!
i love to read biographies, so i have a pet cat named arizona
no, i don't have any. i just don't have time for pets.
i am sorry. my cat is arizona. do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for a living?
that is a pretty good job.
it is. i love my siblings and would like to have a family.
no i don't. my brother is a little older than me and i have been married for a
i am close with my sister. we are both single.
that is cool how cute
what do you like to do for fun? i would love to go shopping with you!
i like biographies of my friends
i like to shop and read books too.
i like to read and take my cat to the mall
i sleep well. i usually sleep in the morning.
i work as a managerial consultant for a big company.
i worked as a nurse, i got a job working in a clothing store
that is really nice. do you like it?
yes, i adopted a cat recently, but i love her
that is cool. i have two brothers and one cat.
i love cats, they are my favorite food
oh that is awesome. do you like music?
i do, but i am not very good at it. do you like folk music?
i love metallica. what is your favorite band?
what else do you like to say?
i love my dad, he is great.
i like to listen to folk music too. you can be my friend
no i did not. i don't know what you are talking about.
about a year. how long have you been listening?
cool, what kind of music do you like?
i am doing great and you
i am good thanks, and you?
do you have any pets? i have two dogs
that is nice, i have a turtle named timothy
i have a german sheffer.
my dog is timothy. he is a terrier
i am a lawyer, i am afraid of heights.
i am a stay at home mom and dad
that is cool. what do you do for a living?
it is a fashion store. i am the owner of a shoe store.
that is a lot of fun. what do you do?
yes it is. i play ultimate frisbee in the winter.
i do, but i don't like heights
not really, but i love frisbees
i am a professional athlete. you?
hi i am doing good, how are you?
i am good. i am getting ready to clean my apartment
oh wow. i love oldies music!
i do. i am a big fan of old music.
i wish i had time to listen to it when i am retired.
i am planning on retiring soon. i love my work.
oh that is a shame. i am sorry to hear that
i am sure it is not going to be easy.
what do you like to eat?
i do. i am also a bbq and have a lot of free time
do you like to play tennis?
do you have any kids?
i have 4 kids too
i am great! just got home from shopping with my sister.
awesome! i am eating some bbq right now.
i love shopping. i am a nurse. what about you?
i am doing well. just got back from the mountains.
dogs? i don't have any pets.
i love pets, they are my favorite
i am 35. how about you?
i am 24. do you have any hobbies?
i am studying to become a nurse. i like it.
what kind of nursing school did you attend?
i am in my mid 30s. i am hoping to become a nurse soon.
it is rewarding. i am also a nurse, so i can help people.
a registered nurse, i hope to start a career as a nurse soon!
i am good! just finished a great burger and some tater tots!
what is your favorite food? i like muffins.
i have some oldies favorite items, i love ot play racquetball.
i have played baseball for a long time. i play for a football team.
i love to run. i enjoy it when i am not working as an office assistant.
that is good. i am too tall to walk.
do you like music? i love oldies music.
i love movies. i love to watch them with my dog.
i love movies. i enjoy them on my favorite tv show.
i like all kinds of movies, but it is hard to find good ones.
i am into oldies.
do you have any hobbies?
not really. i don't know how to relate to people
hi, i am doing great. how are you?
i am fine. just got done watching a snake scare me
i have three dogs i don't want to get any pets
awesome! i hope it is not a spider or snake.
i would love to get them some work.
i am a engineer. how about you?
what do you do for fun?
what do you do for work?
i am sorry! i hope you don't get hurt!
i guess purple is a conservative choice.
i am a television guy. i like watching football on sundays.
that is cool. i am in college and have not seen many people.
i am a stylist, i love cheese pizza.
i have never been to the south coast.
i would love to see that show.
i am ok, i am sick, i don't get along with my dad
how nice. i just adopted a stray cat, so i don't have to worry about the environment
i am a nurse
nice... i was in school for military medicine
that is awesome. i am a nurse.... i hate cats.
i make clothing and you?
that is a cool thing to do
what kind of designs do you like?
i have a cat that is allergic to onions
i am a cat person but i don't have any pets
that is sad, i can not stand my dad anymore.
yes, i love animals and you?
what do you do for fun?
i love fashion, i make clothes and make clothes for my living.
do you like to read?
i live in cali. i have a large horse ranch and i love working out
oh nice. where are you from?
i love the outdoors, but i love working with horses.
yes! i am a retired senior administrative assistant and hope to retire in five years.
do you like music? i like john denver.
i like to be around people i don't like.
i am working out every day and i love it.
i play tennis and play racquetball.
i work out and play sports. i like horseback riding.
oh wow. i hope you are doing well.
i am sorry. i know how that goes. i am a pediatrician.
i am a medical assistant.
wow that is a long time.
i am well. just got back from my childrens birthday party.
that is great. i surf and skate so i can skate around.
that sounds fun do you have kids?
i am going to be moving to new york city next year.
do you have any kids? i have two, but none yet.
me too. do you sing? i am a singer.
i don't need to work but i do need to get better
do you have a favorite band? i am in new york city, you?
i love jazz its my favorite
you can never say never. i will be moving to new york city.
i love my vintage cars, but love driving them
oh wow! i am so excited to move to new york city next year.
i also have a ring
hi, i am doing well. just walked my cat, she is my favorite.
that sounds great. do you like music? i love country music.
i like country and rap, but i am more into the studio music.
oh cool. i like the country music.
i am from cali.
oh cool. i am a programmer.
i am not familiar with coding either. i love cats.
i am not sure much about siamese cats either. i am young so i don't know
yeah i am old, but i like walking a mile a day
i don't really like it, but i like iced tea.
i love iced tea! i have made a quilt for my family.
my family has been drinking iced tea for generations.
i do, it is my favorite
do you have a favorite drink?
haha good for you
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing well. just got back from a singing performance. you?
nice! i am at the salon and am watching football.
cool! i am a counselor at the local youth center. i also help teens.
that is good. i am glad you are well. what do you do for a living?
i like to sing. i play softball.
i love sports. i watch football on sundays.
i play softball in a local stadium.
i love cheeses, but i love cheese pizza too!
i like eating italian food at the grocery store
that is great, i don't think i could do that.
i like italian food! what about you?
yum! i will be watching football on sundays.
no i am too young to. i am more into acting. spiders.
i have always wanted to go to halloween. i just got done shopping.
i am good. just finished playing poker.
i am good! i love playing poker.
i have two kids too, and i am not a big fan of alcohol.
we are leaving soon. i don't want to go out much, i am divorced
oh, i bet he has alot of money
that is so sad. what is your life like?
do you have a job?
you are rude!
you are not rude. you are just drinking water.
i am sorry i meant to say that. i am the good guy
i would not know what to do if i did not quit.
that is awesome. i hope you can lead the world
thank you i am glad you feel like you have a good time.
i go hiking, hiking, hiking, hiking, hiking, hiking.
yes i do, i enjoy hiking.
hi! i am a 14 year old trans boy
i sell graphic design products. i am an omnivore.
what do you do for fun? i love to go to middle school.
i have been doing it since i was a kid. i am into weddings.
that is cool. i love music but hate cats
no, i don't. i like rush.
they are great. i like pink floyd
wow, that is cool. i like food
i love dogs, but hate cats so i take them for walks
no, no pets. i have 3 dogs.
i love cats, they are my favorite
i love cats too!
i don't have any kids. do you have any pets?
no, i am an omnivore. i am a good listener.
yeah, i hope you are well. thank you.
hi i am doing well. just got back from the airport.
oh i love that place. i am glad you are back.
i travel a lot, and work in advertising.
wow. that is awesome. i am a hunting fanatic.
i do, i work in a advertising agency
that is cool! i have 3 of my family who live near me.
no i am not close with family
well, i am close with my 3 dogs
i have been close with my best friend in kindergarten
i am very conservative
what do you mean?
i work at a zoo, lol
i have never been to hollywood, but i have seen it a few times.
yeah it is. i am a churchgoing liberal
thanks, i am a christian so i see it all the time.
i am more of a beer person lol
yes beer is the best drink in the world
do you have any pets?
no but i do have a brother
i have three cats
that is funny i don't have any allergies
what do you do for work?
i have traveled and studied abroad.
i bet she is a little nervous. i bet she would love to go hunting with me
it is very interesting.
its beautiful there
i had never seen it before
oh, i bet it was! i would love to see a movie with that!
i would love to travel. i have traveled and studied abroad.
i have never been to europe.
i don't have a lot of money. i am from the jewish faith.
you should come to my church and we can go to a wedding.
that is great. i am glad to hear that.
i love nature. i am a lawyer.
i don't have much time for that, i am an arctic explorer.
i fish in the arctic. i go fishing all the time.
i was an arctic teacher. my dad taught me.
i am sorry to hear that. do you teach children?
no, i don't know what i want to do. i don't know how to ice fish
it is a noble profession. i wish it were as rewarding as the outdoors.
i am a geologist myself, so i understand that.
i am afraid of heights, but i don't care.
i have hunted and hunted polar bears. i am not afraid of heights.
i am a christian, so i have never hunted.
i know. i use to be a geologist, but now i fish for fish!
i have been fishing for years. i love the water.
hi brian. i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing great, just got back from working in a warehouse
that is good, i have to get up a little bit
i am a stay at home mom so i am not much of a parent
oh no! what is she playing?
do you like dogs? i have a dog and he bites me
i am sure she will. i am sure she will be fine.
i am a warehouse worker working with a big rig, so i am not much of a writer.
i am in college and hope to be a teacher.
wow, i have a degree in education. i work in a warehouse
yes, i am trying to teach my students jujitsu.
oh wow i am a college student
you are a good student?
you have to be super smart to be smart.
i am a huge ed sheeran fan.
i am well. i am living at my apartment now.
i have to live with my dog and i have no allergies
i have a husband and a son, are they male or female?
i am 32. i sing karok.
i am single. i am single too.
i went to the army when i was young.
oh, i love books, movies, romance and romance
i don't, i don't see much of a difference between men and women
i don't like movies, i prefer romance novels
i do, i play the guitar at the local local club
i like to cook, i love to read and watch movies
i am allergic to dogs so i don't have time for that
i like listening to music while i cook.
i like everything. but i don't have a preference.
i love french food, do you like french food?
i am doing ok. what are you up to?
yes. i don't have time for anything else.
i am too shy to do much. i build model spaceships
do you play video games?
my mother is a medical doctor.
i was a firefighter and a teacher.
i design spaceships. i build models.
i am sorry. my computer is hard to work with.
no. i am good with computers. i am studying to be a doctor.
i used to work in computers. i used to build computer parts.
they are. i am alone sometimes so i try to make models.
that is a shame. what else do you like to do?
yes, i will try.
they are awesome! i just had them make my wedding cake
that sounds fun! i hope they are as well.
hello, i am a bodybuilder. i am a bodybuilder.
i love to cook and i love to cook. i am married with kids.
that sounds like a lot of fun. i have a brother, and he is a secretary.
i am a teacher. i am a republican.
i am a youtube app guy. you?
i am a teacher. what about you?
i love meat. i eat a lot of it.
i like to cook, but i am more of a vegetarian.
what do you do for a living?
do you have any family members to go to the party?
i like to roller coasters and go to roller coasters.
yes, i am a mechanic. do you like roller coasters?
i love roller coasters too. do you have any hobbies?
no. i have never heard of them.
what kind of car do you drive?
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
i am in fashion designing, what about you?
i like fashion magazines. i have two part time jobs
i love fashion. i don't even have clothes yet.
cool. i really want to dress up in my fantasy world.
yes. i want to make a fashion statement.
do you make clothes for them?
i really should try that.
i have not, i am more into fantasy fiction
do you have a job?
yes, i will write about that in my fantasy books.
i am an artist, but i love to write and make models.
i do, i am a huge fantasy fan.
i am from the us, but i am from the us too. i am an army veteran.
i am from germany. i am from the midwest. how about you?
nice! i work at a warehouse in ny, so i am a tall blonde.
i have not had a barbecue since i got a taste. i love it.
i like spicy food, especially if it is from a country
i drive a lot, but i go to the office a lot.
not often. i am always at work
oh, i have not worked out for years. what do you do?
i can lift weights, i am tall and work at a warehouse
i am not able to watch tv because i live in new york.
that sounds like a good time
do you like tea? i am not a tea person.
yeah i am a scientist
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. and you?
that is a lot of girls
i have 3 girls, i have three boys and two boys.
yes i have a boy and a girl.
that is a lot of kids, do you have any hobbies
i like to make a lot of barbecue with my girlfriend.
that is a lot of pressure. my kids are a handful.
that is great. i am an old lady so i don't get along with her.
you have a lot of patients.
what do you do for work? i lift weights every weekend.
i am not sure what you like, but i do like bacon.
i love watching horror movies. what else do you like?
i like horror movies. my kids love them!
i like season. it is my favorite season.
i am well. how are you today?
i am well, i am just getting done with my nursing job.
what did you do to get off work? i don't like animals.
i am a nurse. i love it!
i am in high school, but i am a runner.
that is awesome. i don't eat much. i don't have time for food.
i do. i am an avid runner. you?
i love onions. i love them too.
i am in very poor neighborhoods. how about you?
i am a runner too! what are your hobbies?
i don't, i don't have any pets. what do you do for fun?
no, i don't. i am a nurse.
i am not good at running. i just got out of high school. do you?
yes, i have a cat, and i hate her!
i am sorry! i am a nurse, so i can not work 12 hours shifts.
hi. my birthday is 10
i live in california. i am a champion at tae kwan do.
i live in new york. i love new york.
i love rollercoasters. i am in tae kwan do.
i am a bad person i hate cats
i am sorry. i am always stressed. i am so stressed
what is tae kwan? i cant help it.
i am a meditating meditator.
i am a dog person and i love my dog. i have a 7 year old boy
i have a dog. he is amazing.
i have a little guy named pikachu
i have a pit bull named sally.
it is crazy. i am gonna try it
do you have any hobbies? i like to ride horses
how are you? i love people!
hello, i am great, just got back from a walk with my dog. you?
i am good just listening to jazz music
what kind of music do you like?
i love jazz music
i love the songs on jazz books. i also like walking long distances
i don't really have time for much
i would rather travel to europe.
yes. i watch a lot of movies on tv
that is cool. i am not much of a tv person. i spend my time reading books.
yes, i do. i like the bible
i like to read. do you read?
yes, i love to read. i like reading and listening to jazz music
i would love to read more
hi! i am a teacher at a local school.
that is cool. i have three of my family
what do you do for work?
i go to church a lot.
do you like to read?
that is cool. what do you do for fun?
me too. what do you do for a living?
i like to read. i am a hunter
cool. i have a new one.
that is good to have. what else do you enjoy?
i am learning about technology. i am a teacher.
what do you teach?
i wish i could teach. i am a teacher, and i love it.
do you like church? i do
i have two sons and a daughter.
i am good. just got off work, my shift is over.
do you have any pets?
i would not mind if i thought about my parents they did not want me
i am a writer i live on a faraway island
i am so sorry to hear that
well i am a writer like my parents my parents were also
that sounds interesting i am studying for a college degree
its not it pays you a lot
i am trying to get my mind off of college
well i am going to write a romance novel
i will be reading a book about how to make a living
i will try to make it into a romance
i like watching movies and whatnot
do you have the ability to do that
what is your favorite food?
hi. i am a young woman. i love reading paranormal romances.
i prefer sitting and listening to music. i am always up late.
i don't like math, but i have never been to a good one.
i am single, don't worry. i am single. you?
i work part time at a restaurant.
cool. i am a carpenter. i love building things.
it is very rewarding. i am a stay at home mom.
it is. i have a huge apartment. i build furniture.
that sounds like a rewarding job. my mom helps out with my homework.
she is great at it. she is really smart.
he is really nervous. do you like pizza? i love pizza.
i love chicken. what is your favorite food?
i also like to eat healthy.
i love it too. i am sure it is a great food.
i love to cook pizza. i have a restaurant in the area.
i am not angry, i am just doing some work.
i did not, i am a homemaker, and i bake all day.
that is horrible! i am a democrat, what about you?
no i am not. i am a republican. do you have a good reason?
i don't think i am either. i just love dogs.
no, i have a husband. i have 2 dogs.
oh, i have a husky. he is my dog.
oh wow! are you married?
no kids for me but i do have 2 kids
i am not a big family person.
yes it is, i bet you are getting older.
i understand i understand. i love them.
i hope so. i have a dog, he is a big man.
do you live in the states?
not really. i do take pictures.
i am good and you?
i am doing well. just got done with my homework
oh no, i am sorry to hear that. i am ok.
sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i am listening to jazz music, it is my favorite.
i am studying to be a teacher. what do you do for fun?
interesting... do you have any pets?
that is cool. i like animals, especially dogs.
yes, pediatricians. what about you?
cool, i am homeschooled and i don't work with kids.
i have a job as a pediatrician. what do you do?
i don't read much, but i do like reading books
i love reading books too. i love reading old school.
i am 30. i am just getting my nails done
that is awesome! i was in the military!
do you have horses? i have a horse.
yes, i used to ride horses for a while.
no, my dad has a dealership. i am not much of a car person.
oh no! i am sorry. what do you do for work?
it is very hard to type. i have to go back to work now.
i am sorry. i am a junkie. i used to be in the military.
i am on a diet now, i have to get my nails done.
i have a wheelchair that i can only use when i am on the beach.
oh that is great! i am going to be on a diet now, to live with my dad
yes i love the beach.
i like to watch the sunset.
that sounds very relaxing. i like music too.
its great. i love the beach.
i love to travel. i love to garden. i am a college student.
what do you study? i work at a bank.
that is cool. i love to travel. i like to walk too.
i try to walk as much as i can.
i don't have any hobbies. i like to garden.
wow that sounds great. i have a garden that i put out for my relatives.
that is great. do you have pets?
what do you like to do?
it is! i have traveled to six countries, so i am familiar with their physiology.
i am retired from banking and spend my free time walking.
that is a lot of walking. do you have siblings?
i love to sleep too.
that is great. i would rather go to a country.
i have had lots of money
wow that is a lot! i am a huge country girl!
i am doing well. just got done with my job.
i am doing good. how are you?
i am from chicago. i am a junior.
i live in cali, do you have any pets?
not really. i was just in the hurricane.
yes, i love sweets. i was born and raised in south carolina.
i love the big ones. i run a club.
i like to dance as well, my mom teaches as well.
i like to take and post pictures of my sweet tooth, it is my favorite!
that is great. i love posting on facebook.
i love to post pictures of myself. i love you.
i like all of those, instagram is my favorite.
i have a place where i can hang out. i also love to go to the club.
you have to think about it. what do you think?
i wish i could. i enjoy going out and dancing.
hello. i am shy and don't like music.
oh. i am sorry. do you have any other romantic relationships?
i have not heard of you.
they are my favorite. they help me cope with my wife and kids.
oh. that is cool. what is your favorite genre of music?
you should be more comfortable with yourself. i am a person.
my mom is a science major. she is a great teacher.
my parents both worked for the fires.
oh wow. i am sure your mom is a good teacher.
i am sure you would like to learn more about those
i am currently studying to become a model ship designer.
awesome! i am currently in college.
i went to college in cali, but i still have classes.
nice. i was raised in a liberal arts community in north carolina.
do you have any family? my mother is a doctor.
i have a steak and vegetables.
nice. i just got done eating pizza!
i love pizza and country music.
i don't work but i do have to at least work in my spare time
wow! i am a stay at home mom, so i work out a lot
i wish i had a kid but i am not sure i would like it
lol i love country music.. what kind do you like?
country music! i love reading paranormal romances... i am a stutter
i like gospel. i love listening to it in the kitchen!
i like to read paranormal romance and paranormal romances
reading is a great way to relax.
you can never guess. i love gospel lol
i hate to cook and live a vegan life.
haha well that is good for you.
its a holiday for me and i love it
i am well. tell me a little about yourself.
i am allergic to mangoes, so i try to avoid them.
i am a nurse in a nursing home
do you guys groom and groom? i am an eccentric hair stylist for dogs
that is cool. do you have pets? i have a cat named chris.
do you have any hobbies?
i love to take my dogs out for walks.
i wish i had time for that.
i ride my bike to the hospital and the kids and grandchildren in the community.
i love mountain biking, i also love collecting civil war antiques.
do you surf often?
it is a lot of fun. i also love to swim.
i love to see the ocean and the people there.
i love the ocean too.
what kind of food do you like?
i am good. just watching the movie titanic ten times
i listen to music while i am listening to music
i am studying for a masters in philosophy.
i am not a fan of food either.
i am only a kid but i have a golden retriever named ginger.
that is cool! i have to admit, i am not very tall.
yes it is. i have a golden retriever named ginger.
that is so cool. i don't have any siblings.
cool. i have a golden retriever named ginger.
hmmm. do you have any pets?
i have never heard a song. i think i saw the titanic ten times.
i have never seen titanic, but i do enjoy watching movies.
wow! i am in school. i am studying to be a father.
that is a great movie. do you like it?
that is what counts. i have seen it twice.
hi, i am not a very good person
i am in business, so i am in college.
i started my own business when i was younger and also sing at the local church
cool. i am a college student. what song is your favorite?
no i am a single mom, my three sisters and i don't work
no i am a student so i am not sure i am a parent.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a car guy.
oh wow. you sing? i sing.
yes i am i am a country singer
i am a lawyer. i am studying law.
i am a country singer, i was born and raised
i am 36. what about you?
no. i don't. i am a stay at home mom.
good, how are you doing?
i am a dancer. i am in school.
that sounds exciting, do you dance?
i like ballet. it is fun.
i do ballet, but i also exercise a lot, so i don't have to go dancing.
i am not very active, but i do dance.
no i don't. i spend my free time reading plays.
well, i don't like to drive to work or school.
no, i am not sure. maybe it was lost a few days ago.
yeah, it is near my sister and my dog.
i don't have any pets. i just have a dog and cat.
no, he is a dog. he is a bit rough.
he is named dylan. he is my dog and he is a big fan.
he is a black lab. he is a jack dog.
i am sure he is very nice.
what kind of music do you play?
i am a musician. do you have a lot of experience?
that is cool. my dad was a police officer and he was a very popular guy.
i am a police officer
i like nirvana, i like to run.
i love running, its my favorite band
i bet. it was a great day
no. i am just going to go for a run
i am going to florida.
i am going to europe, do you travel a lot
that would be great, my father was a police officer, so he would be a little more free
i am a musician and don't have any pets
my dad was a police officer. he was always good at keeping pets.
yes they do. but i work for them
so what do you do for a living?
hi. i like scotch a lot.
i enjoy tea too... i am a virgin... i love to relax.
that is what i like to do
i am a science fiction author and my parents passed away 2 years ago
i am an author... i write short stories for a living
i am a science fiction writer. i am single. you?
oh wow, i don't know if i have seen a snake!
my parents died when they were both spiders, i am so scared of spiders.
i like superhero movies, but i prefer dark ones.
i like to play superhero games, my parents passed away when they were young.
nice, i like to go to the dog park and watch batman
the only one i don't have is the ones i am a scientist.
that is great! do you have confidence?
they do a lot of it.
do you drink scotch?
hi, i am sorry to hear that, i have been doing great since i got my surgery.
that is awesome! i work in sales so i know how to tattoo.
i love to cook and eat sardines.
yum! i love sardines. i eat them for breakfast every day.
i just started high school, i have two large dogs and i just got done with it.
oh i know, i guess you are a busy person
i love to eat sardines for breakfast, but i prefer playing frisbee.
i would love that. my name is dylan
they are. i am sure they will remember that.
they are named bruce and willis. how about you?
that is a really cool name.
i just took a couple of shirts from them
that is good. what do you do for work?
hi! i enjoy hiking and camping. you?
i like to hike in the woods too.
its not the weather i have been camping in my big stereo
i love cooking and cleaning! i am a chef!
i do, i listen to a lot of music, but i have a stereo
i love making my own clothing. i adopted a stray cat recently.
my mom works as a nurse. she is an amazing person.
that is cool! i don't know much about animals. i was raised by my adopted parents.
that is cool! i like hiking and camping.
she did. i think it would be hard to care for someone who was an army vet
i have never been outdoors, but i love camping.
i would not want to go camping but i would be worried about the ocean.
i would not be happy if i ate meat. i am a vegetarian.
great! i am doing ok. just got done doing some jujitsu.
i am great, i just got divorced.
that is great. i love watching ed sheeran play with my friends.
she did! she was a firefighter for 30 years. she taught me how to fire!
she is a teacher. what do you do for a living?
wow. are you in school?
i am not sure i am going to get to the point i need to be a teacher
oh, i am also learning how to teach the jujitsu, how cool!
i am taking it easy now. i am not working now
i like music and listen to heart music.
i am just a huge ed sheeran fan!
i love to go outside and play with my friends.
i love playing cards and eating. do you?
i love to surf. you?
that is cool. do you like the beach?
no i have not, i am a young adult
how many kids do you have? i am homechooling my kid.
i am not a college student, but i am in college.
i am a home school teacher, so i have to be on my toes.
maybe, i am homechooling my children too. i am still young.
what else do you like to do?
i like to go to the bars and hang out with friends.
that is awesome. i am allergic to cats.
i am allergic to cats. i will not go out with them.
that is true. i am only two months old.
i am in high school.... i am in college now.
wow! i am only 22.
yes, i understand that. what do you do for fun?
hi, i work an it help desk. how are you?
i work a lot in it. i am a democrat.
i have not thought of it yet. but i am sure i will soon.
that is great. i hope to find a good one.
i am a teacher. i am a teacher at a school. you?
i am not sure what i want to do in public service.
i am not sure. i just want to know how it goes.
i think i would be an excellent politician, i am a democrat.
i do. i like the peace corps. what do you do?
that is a very good way to be a democrat.
the people saved my family. they are good people.
that is very noble of you. i am an assistant teacher.
i have not thought about it. do you want to be a republican?
i am too conservative to go to church.
sorry to hear that. what do you do for work?
not much, i just got back from riding my horse, you?
oh no. i am sorry.
my left leg hurts so much, so i don't speak my mind.
its ok, i work in it so i have to watch a lot of news.
i do too. i ride horses. i love it!
i love horses, i read a lot.
i love the book by baudelaire de la Rochefort.
i love the first book. i was not a reader until now.
i love to read and write. what about you?
i like to read on the field. i am a scientist
nice i am going to the doctor tomorrow
no i have not heard of that
yes i do i think i saw you in a mirror once
do you like politics?
i don't but i do like to think i do
hey there, how are you?
great! how about you?
i am doing well. just playing some games.
cool! i am in college and studying biology
i do work in the factory
wow, you are very smart. i grew up in the united states.
i did but i am afraid of water
i was born in england, ohio
i grew up in ohio, so it is nice.
it is. i am currently a biology major.
i have never seen that movie
i am not afraid of drinking. i am more into partying though.
yes, i love to garden and garden for fun
i grow my own food, so i can grow my own food.
a variety of plants, especially those that grow in the woods.
i love teddy bears! what do you do for fun?
i am a bodybuilder! and my mom is a secretary.
nice! i am a nurse, so i have a lot of time to look after myself.
i am a bodybuilder, but my brother has a different hobby. i am a secretary.
no siblings. i am a little brother. i have 3 sisters. you?
i am a vegan, so i am not sure if i am a vegan.
i don't. i like animals. i am a volunteer and my favorite is green.
i am a vegan, too. i eat a lot of meat.
i am a vegetarian, but i am a nurse so i eat a lot of protein.
my body is always changing and eating meat is the best.
i wish i could do that. i love yoga. i do it for fun.
i am a yoga instructor, so i don't get much exercise.
yes it is. it takes practice and patience.
that is good. what kind of information do you have?
i have to keep up with it.
i am good. just bought a new house. you?
i am a little conservative, i want to move up to the top.
nice! i enjoy dancing at the club. you?
i just got off work at the local church and will be out hunting
i just bought a new house. it is a big church!
they do. they have a lot of conservative groups.
oh wow! that is quite the experience.
my family lives up the street from me and i drive a ford pickup truck.
oh nice! i have a dog, he is a retriever
what kind of dog do you have?
i shoot videos of my dog and take pictures of him.
i take pictures of my family.
i am currently taking pictures of my new house.
what is your favorite thing to photograph?
it is. i have a new house, and i enjoy it.
i am fine. just chilling. how are you?
i am doing well, just hunting. you?
i play the guitar, i am a batista.
that sounds like fun, do you have any favorite bands?
i play the guitar when i am not at my apartment in chicago.
my family lives down the street from me, i go to church every sunday
i have always wanted to be a batista. i am a colorado, so i am from
that is cool. i like to be conservative
it is. i have a lot of tattoos on my back and back of my brothers.
that is great! i have a tattoo on my
all of them are arkansas.
that is great i am a tattoo artist, i would love to be an artist
it is nice to have a plan.
i drive a ford pickup truck to church every sunday
that sounds nice. i am going to play the guitar.
i am from california. i love ice cream.
i love ice cream. i love to eat it asap.
i love the state of nyc. i am also a homebody.
i like to be around people. i love to be outside.
i love to work out and exercise.
oh. i am not religious. i live in oklahoma so i don't work out.
i am from chicago. i have a husband. he is a homebody.
that is cool. i am more of a country girl
i have never heard of him. he is a mermaid.
i would love to know if he liked cookies.
i work in a homebody.
i fried a rabbit, too. i don't eat cookies.
oh, i have never had fried rabbit.
haha. i don't know if i could ever live with a rabbit.
she is my husband. he is a homebody.
i am doing well. you?
i am doing okay. i live in chicago.
that is nice. i am always in the quiet.
i play guitar. what do you do?
no. i don't read.
i have never been to chicago.
i am from new york, do you have a favorite place to read?
i am from cali, how about you?
i live in california, you?
what city are you from?
yes, it is very authoritarian.
i love the city. i live in arkansas and love it.
i am in charge. how about you?
that is a great crowd. i have a lot of tattoos
that is awesome. i spend a lot of time watching the news on tv.
i am well thanks and you?
i am good just playing some video games
what are you doing?
i am working on my next song
i am trying to learn how to play
i play it on the weekends
do you know any of that
what kind of games do you play
i love what you say
so you are talking about the american states
i am in new york.
i am from california and you?
i am from california, but i would like to go to college
its okay, but no i am not hurt
so what games are you into?
i am not sure, but i like the hotel room.
i am not sure i live in a place where i am not allowed to go to
i am happy to be in the same town. i hope my husband does not get out much
oh, i am sorry to hear that i don't have a boyfriend
my parents died two years ago and i don't have any
i am sorry, i am sorry to hear that. i am in the military.
i am sorry. my parents passed away.
do you get to visit your mom often?
no, i don't have any other family. i am currently in engineering.
i am sorry to hear that. i was in the military.
no i am sorry. i am in australia right now.
that is nice. i am not a christian either.
i don't know about him. i have no fear of snakes and spiders.
i am scared of spiders too
i hope you are too. what do you do for fun?
thank you and keep up with the adventure!
thank you and pray for your soul.
no, i am not a fan of water. i prefer to garden.
i like to hike in nature, i like to collect weird stuff
do you like animals? i love the zoo
i have seen a few but not a bear.
i don't really like them
i have never seen a bear, i am a german shepherd
i don't i like drawing it is fun
i don't know how to draw but i do know how to draw
i am an artist. i love to draw and garden
what kind of design do you like?
what do you do in your free time? i am a garden artist
i want to draw a few of them. i just have a friend who is a gardener
you are right, i love the ohio state bucs!
i like the Bengals. they are very good
that is cool, what state do you live in
i am doing well thank you. how about you?
pretty good just coding a web page for my company
nice what do you do for fun?
good, i am a young adult, but i love my family from canada.
i am from california but i am in new york.
i am in canada but i am in my parents house too
well that is good i think it is still very young
i am so glad i have been able to focus on my hobbies
i like to take my dog with me when i am not teaching my kids.
i try to stay warm by drinking iced tea.
i am not really a tea drinker
i love sweet tea but i also like ice cream.
do you have any hobbies?
i like to read and design web pages.
that is cool. i like to go to the zoo.
i am fine, thanks for asking, i am in the office, but i don't like it
that sounds nice. i eat bacon, and listen to bach.
you should! i am enjoying the evening
that is cool! what else do you do for work?
i am in new york. i don't eat anything sweet.
that is why i am so very nervous about moving to new york
i don't. i live in the city. i don't know much about it
i work for a construction company. do you like it?
i am a dental assistant in san francisco.
that is tough. do you have any siblings?
it is. god bless you.
i love bacon. i hate bugs.
i have a hard time eating bacon because i live in new york
i am good, how are you?
i am good. i am just relaxing at home with my dog
i work in an animal shelter so i enjoy dancing
i am a musician. what about you?
oh that is really cool. i love animals.
i have a passion for exotic animals
i am from california, where do you live?
oh cool. i live in florida. what about you?
i am from chicago, you? i am in miami
its hot here. do you like to bathe?
i love it. what do you do for fun
i like playing video games. i am also a musician on weekends
i read and play games too. i also do animal work
oh cool. i am a huge fan of the genre
i am not sure i would say that. i love simple plan.
hi! where do you live?
well i don't get to exercise. my husband and i don't.
i am not a fan of animals. i don't like them.
that is a good thing. i am just too busy watching tv and ice cream to care for any
i am an avid runner. i am also a runner.
i love ice cream. i am a huge fan of it.
i love eating fast food. i am an avid runner.
do you like movies? i love watching tv.
i dropped out of high school.
i am sorry. i don't really like exercise, but i do enjoy watching movies.
me too. i don't have any friends.
i do. but i don't have many people to go out with.
i don't like people either. i am a runner.
what are your hobbies? i like watching movies and tv.
i love watching movies. do you?
hi ray, i am charlie, how are you
i am in the army and i am in the army
i love eggplant parmigiana, what is your favorite food?
they do! i am a very violent person
i see. i have a dog charlie, he is a rescue dog
oh no! i am in the army as well. i am violent.
i am a stock broker so i understand that
that is good, do you have any pets
she is a chip on his shoulder
nice, what do you do for work?
i don't make much money, i am in australia
i love the beach. i am in the army
i am sorry to hear that. i live in australia and my dogs name charlie is
i have been to puerto rico a few times.
i would love to go to puerto rico
i am doing well, thanks for asking. what are you up to?
i enjoy going on adventures. i love traveling and going on adventures.
i like to watch tv and watch movies
i am studying to be a lawyer.
i am in the kitchen, i love ice cream!
cool. do you have any pets?
i don't. my husband is a housebody. do you?
why not? i have a girlfriend.
i bet you are busy
i am studying to be a lawyer
i have been working on my homebody for a while
i don't have much time to cook. i like to travel.
i like to eat anything i can get my hands on.
i like pizza. i don't eat it much, but it is great.
i am homebody so i make a lot of pizza
hi i am good just trying to eat some meat
do you like to eat?
i like to listen to music and dance
that is interesting what kind of person are you
i m sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear it.
thank you. i am a carpenter. it is important to me.
i work a lot with my dad in healthcare
that is good. i am a carpenter but my wife and kids need me.
do you like to hike
i love to hike but i don't have many friends.
what do you like to do for fun
i used to be a carpenter but i stopped.
he is a new friend
i love to chat with you.
yeah i like new people
i love painting. i am a dancer. i don't paint often.
i paint mainly trash and recycling.
nice, i drive around on my way to work
what is your favorite fish?
yeah, that is why i cannot fish.
i am not short either. i am 5 ft tall.
i like to swim. i don't swim as much as i used to.
i have never danced, but i do have some good art.
do you paint your room black?
every day. i do some projects on my spare time.
i like to go to the beach and fish.
i like to have my dog with me when i am out on the town.
i love dogs. i have one dog, but i am also a dog person.
i am good. i am a little sad today.
oh wow. i am sorry to hear that.
no, i was not. my best friend took my boyfriend in high school.
that is good. i hope to be able to have one someday.
no. i am in school. my best friend took my boyfriend in high school.
i am sorry to hear that. are you married?
i think so. he was not easy.
i would be a bank teller.
oh wow. i am not rich.
that is really cool. i am a student
i would eat it but i am hungry for food!
i am sure it will be a lot of work
my best friend takes me in high school and takes me.
i don't want to break into anything but my siamese cat.
lol, well you know maybe they should listen before they break
hi, i am a male. i am single.
that is cool. i like you too.
no they don't. i don't control them.
i like to hang out with my friends, do you?
i do, but i don't like to spend time on the weekends
i love to play sports and be active
i work at an accounting firm
well i listen to rap music while i go
i am an accountant and i sing in my spare time
cool, i was just in college studying. what do you do?
i am in school for accounting but i am working on my own
what do you do for work? i am in college studying education.
what do you do for work?
that is a good plan. what do you do for fun?
no i am not. i live in ohio
my husband is allergic to dogs. i am sorry.
i am sorry. pets are cool. what is your favorite color?
no pets. i am a pediatrician so i am allergic to animals.
do you have a father?
i have two children. do you have any hobbies?
i was in the army before i was born.
no. i love vintage cars.
i can not run, i am color blind.
i like purple, what about you?
what do you do for a living?
i am a pediatrician and i am still in school.
what did you do for a living?
yes, i enjoy it. i am also a reader.
hi! i am doing ok. i work as a sales person.
oh that is cool. i am a nurse. i hate cats.
what is your story about?
i have a cat and he hates me, and i hate my dad
i bet. i have a dog, he is a cuddly german shepherd.
i have a dog that is a bbq
i have two dogs and a cat and they will not leave me alone.
that sounds like a lot of fun. i don't have any cats.
i like music, but i hate sales
i love the band the rpgs. they are great. i don't get along with my
no i am not a music person, i just like to listen to rush
are you married? i have been single for years.
me too. what do you like to do for fun?
i am just a dr. and i love it
what is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?
i am doing well. just listening to my favorite horror movie.
i am great. just got home from walking my dog.
do you have any good songs?
wow, that is awesome! i am a singer, i sing in a band.
i love horror films! i also love watching them!
i like to travel and read about movies
traveling is what i went to college for. i also went to college.
we went to college in florida.
that is awesome! i was born in south carolina and i am a singer.
i am from california, originally from france
that would be great! i hope you do too!
it is great to travel to italian food.
yum! i love italian food, what is your favorite?
i live in nyc but i love dogs. i have a dog.
what kind of dogs do you have?
i love living in an apartment. my apartment is small.
i live in oklahoma and i am a native american.
i love cats. i love romance books and movies.
no, i don't have any pets. i have two dogs.
i have two cats. you?
no. just a phobia.
i have a dog. do you have any pets?
no, i am not religious. do you?
i love dogs. i am not religious. but i love romance books and movies.
yes. she sings in a choir.
yes. i read romance books a lot.
i am not a fan of rock climbing. i do like rocks though.
why do you hate rock climbing? i don't know if i could help you find your wife.
i love to cook with food from my farm.
do you have any horses? i have a couple of big ones
we have horses we can ride to the farm, and you?
i love to play frisbee on my horse ranch.
do you ever cook? i love cooking meals with food from our garden.
i love exercising, but i have to keep in shape
i listen to john denver when i am working out
i drive my mini van
what kind of horse do you have?
i like playing frisbee with my dogs.
that is awesome i like it
i don't do much but i do enjoy eating healthy.
i am more flexible in my work out
good for you. i bet you do well in the gym.
i would. i am a farmer and work out every day.
i am a little old. what is your name?
good, just got back from a cat hunt. you?
that is great. i am not much of a cat person.
you write a romance novel? that is my job. i write.
that is nice. i am retired. i sew for my family.
wow! i am sure you are! i am married. married to a man i adore.
i hope so. i will write about it...
that is nice.... i hope you can find someone who can relate to my work.
i hear the jokes are the same. i am not much of a writer.
i have two cats. i love them. you?
i hope that helps.
oh, what do you plan to do?
i am sorry to hear that. i bet you will find a way to find love.
i don't even love him either. i have no idea.
my family used to love me and i am retired now.
i am good. i just got home from a game of thrones.
i am from cali. what about you?
i love texas. i live in cali
i like to shop and go to fashion shows. what about you?
oh really? do you like to play video games?
that sounds fun. i am not a gamer. what is your favorite game?
i play video games, i am really into second life.
interesting! i am going to a university next year to be a doctor
i drive a vintage rwhouse.
i am not sure. i drive a volkswagen beetle, so i don't drive.
oh okay, that is cool, what is your favorite song?
its a volkswagen beetle. you?
lol i am not familiar with that one
i am good. how are you today?
i am okay. cold, how about you?
i have to stay healthy
i am just in my little sister and i just got off work
i am at work at the moment.
i am at work too. i am a competitive body builder.
i run a dog obedience school. do you have pets?
that is cool. i am a body builder too.
wow, that is awesome. do you have any other hobbies?
yes i do. i live with my little sister.
i am talking to a real person... i have a pretty good job.
do you like music?
i am not sure.... you are kidding. i am a history teacher.
hello, i am sam. i am married to arizona.
that is a good name for a vet, i am trying to get my life back on track
i am from cali. i have a pet cat named arizona
i am from california. i live in florida
i am from florida. do you like the game board games? i love them.
it is a beautiful place to live. i play video games as a hobby.
i like board games but i have never played them.
lol my name is jordan and i am a snake and a musician
i have never heard of snake tricks
i am a vet and work from home
i like to play board games.
i play video games on the weekends
i like to read biographies
i love drama books
i love biographies, and they are so good
just watching movies and tv. i love watching movies and watching movies
that is cool. i like movies too, but i am not good at walking.
not really. i like movies and tv a lot. do you?
do you like to watch movies?
i like watching movies with my husband. i also don't like exercise.
that is good. i should exercise more, and walk a mile a day.
i don't walk much, but i don't have to exercise
i sew quilts, and my cats are always whining.
i sew clothes for my husband. he is a very homebody.
i love quilts. they are my favorite.
what do you give away?
maybe. maybe i should design a collage of my collage and let him know you love it
sometimes. i enjoy baking cookies.
no, i would love to, but i am too busy with my horse ranch.
yes, they are, they are great for my 3 kids.
no. i have not seen a lot of them.
3 kids, and six grandchildren. you?
oh that is impressive. what are your hobbies?
i like to ride my bike.
i don't like working out, do you have pets?
nice. i like to hang out with my three grown kids.
no, i am not. i am more of a housewife.
that is cool. what else do you like to do?
i wish i did, but i am single.
i am so sorry. i am not good enough
you should come for dinner with me, you will be the best!
i am doing well. just finishing a romance novel. you?
i am writing a short story about a girl named sardine.
about ten years now. have you ever been to a island?
i am a student studying psychology.
it is, but i am a loner so i tend to read a lot.
do you have any pets? i have two large dogs.
i have two cats. they are adorable.
i have two children, and they are my only friends.
i don't have any kids. do you have any pets?
i have not found anyone yet. what is your favorite thing to do?
no, i am too lonely.
what did you find out about sardines?
i am going to be single and work as a writer.
no i am not. i don't have kids yet.
i am thinking of writing a romance novel.
oh no. where are you from?
yes i live in new york
that is awesome! what kind of music do you like?
i love rap and listening to it with my church
that is awesome. i love being a part of a community.
no i don't have any i don't eat anything sweet
i am sure they do. my brother and i are very close.
i am a christian and i live with my family
yes, i go to church with them
that is good to hear, what is your favorite food?
i like rap music, i love all kinds of music
i do, i love the rapper rap. what about you?
i am sure he is good. he is a good trainer.
i love camping and hiking
i just moved out of my apartment.
oh, that is nice. i am a mom. do you work?
i love cooking and romantic movies. i want to be a chef
i like cooking. i am a huge meat eater.
you should try that. i am a 32 year old single woman, i don't like dogs.
yes, i am working from home with my dad. he retired recently.
my mother is also a nurse. i am 32.
i am 77. what do you do for a living?
do you have a passion for men? i am a single woman
i would like to, but i am retired so i cannot do that.
i want to be a chef.
i would like to take care of my father and his family.
i am sam. i am 32 and live with my parents.
i am good. i work in an office.
that is cool. i am a single woman, so i would like to be a chef.
what do you do for a living? i graduated from college last year.
that is cool. soccer is my thing. i am terrified of dogs.
i am a goalie. i want to be a goalie someday.
i love candy! do you like candy? i am allergic to dogs.
i love halloween. i have been there a few times.
i like halloween. i am 32 and love romance books and movies
i don't like candy. it is what i eat.
you mean movies? i love romance books and movies.
i don't read. i am more into books.
i have read about them... i am not into romance...
i like the show. it is very funny
i have read many romance books and movies. what is your favorite?
great! i have been to the place where my parents died
i am great. just got back from playing frisbee.
i am a little boring. have three kids. they are all grown
no kids. i have two boys and a girl.
i have 3 boys. are you married?
i was born in florida.
i was born in the late was
how cool. how many kids do you have?
i am 32 now, and my parents are a firefighter
my dad was a firefighter.
my girls like the band heart so i guess they do
i am pretty good. but i am a bit on the back foot. i am a bit of
oh no! i am sorry.
do you have a cast? i got cast in the new frisbee game.
oh okay. what do you do for fun?
i am doing well, just taking a break from my girlfriend.
i am studying law. do you like to be successful?
oh wow. what is your dream? i would like to travel.
i am sure that is a lot of fun
i wish my girlfriend had more than me. she is my best friend
i am studying law school, but wish i had a family
what do you do for a living? i am a student
i am studying for law
yeah, i am ok. i am reading a book on the paranormal.
that sounds great. i don't have anything planned for the weekend
it is going great. just got back from class.
lol i would have to say i am hungry
yes, i am. i am cooking dinner and you?
i love pizza what is your fav food?
i love pizza, but i am not very good at it.
i am doing great and you?
i am great just got back from a road trip
i am from california. do you have a favorite place?
i am from texas but i am not very good
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
i don't have the flooding
what kind of music do you like to listen to?
i like to play on the internet
i like to go online, but i am more of a graphic designer
i am a preacher. what do you do?
that sounds like a lot of fun. i really like to hang out.
two, and i don't get a lot of free time
i work as an art manager.
they are cool, but i am not a huge fan of them
no, but i do have spirits in texas.
good! i am preparing a vegan dinner. i am very religious.
i made a lot of food but had to do some accounting.
you should work with me. my job is an attorney.
that is great. my husband runs a business. he keeps busy too.
i am sorry to hear that. i am not religious. i have two dogs.
he is fine. he is very busy, so i try to stay busy.
that is good. i am an attorney.
my husband runs his own business. we are married.
do you want to be a big family? i don't.
no, i am not religious. i am just a mom.
i am not religious. i am more of a legal analyst.
i bet. i would rather eat some delicious meals!
that is very noble of you.
what is your religion?
yes, i would love to be. but i don't have the faith.
good night! i am home from school so i am pretty busy.
i am just working on a job, what about you?
that is good for you
yay i am a runner but i still feel like i am stuck in this poor apartment
yeah i like to make crafts i love to make crafts
that is good i feel like i am kinda depressed
do you have a choice of clothing
well i am sorry to hear that i don't have a job
well i get that i am homeschooling my child
well i dropped out of school, but i saw the world and i feel like i can be there
no i hear that a lot
i am a runner so i get to run a lot
it has been a long day
what do you like to do for fun?
yes it was a good plan
no. i am a 22 year old girl. i am studying education.
i am just thinking about this. how is your life going?
i am from cali. i love to play sports and hang out with friends.
oh, that is awesome. i am a biology major.
i am studying for a masters degree in education.
i love hot places. how about you?
he is sad. i am sorry to hear that.
i don't know why he did not learn about it
that is ok. i have a passion for science.
i have never read about dolphins.
i love to watch the ocean, i love going out to the ocean.
that is cool. do you have any family?
i don't.
i don't have many friends
i am a cop, you should get me out.
i am good, just had a nasty bruise from hiking. you?
i am doing well. how about you?
i like to read poetry, but i also like to hike in nature.
that sounds interesting. i am an old man and used to read
i am a reader. i love to read.
i am a painter. what about you?
interesting. do you have any hobbies?
i like to ride my bike around the town.
what is your favorite thing to do?
i am a bit of a outdoorsy person. i like to hike and read
i am a fan of cooking. i like to make weird stuff.
that is fun. i have been eating at the restaurant for a while now.
i love weird ones, especially those with red ink.
i am in chicago. i have been living in arkansas for years now
cool. i live in arkansas. i love it there.
yes, we live in an apartment in chicago. i have a lot of tattoos.
i love to play the guitar in arkansas, its where i live.
what do you like to do in your house?
where do you play guitar? i play the guitar.
i play the guitar too, and that is cool
do you work? i am in the construction business
i am a very busy person, i have a lot of tattoos.
that is cool. i am a doctor, i work with patients.
oh wow! i have a lot of tattoos on my body too
well not really. what do you do for work?
i like to go fishing and play guitar
i am a tattoo artist.
do you have any pets? i have a batista
hi, i am doing good. tell me about yourself.
you are right. i am a doctor so i understand
i am a nurse so i am a nurse.
cool. i don't have a job i am a single mom
yeah i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i bet you can get through that
i love animals i also like to play with them
oh wow i don't eat those
i have a chihuahua named patrick. he lives on my block.
i am sorry to hear that
i think cats are cute too but i don't like them.
i am afraid he is not a cat
i have a cat that is too cute for me.
i don't have room for cats, i work in the healthcare industry
i cant live in a sick apartment
i am doing well, how about yourself?
what do you teach?
oh wow that is so funny i am thinking about a question
i am sorry to hear that i am in the army
that is cool what do you do for a living
that is nice i don't understand how you feel
what do you do for work
i don't really like them
i like cold weather and snow
my mom is allergic to dogs and i was in the army
i am from wisconsin. i live in cali
that s cool i will go to college to be able to pick a color
i prefer metallica because of the kids
no i have one brother
i have two brothers and i don't have any siblings
i am doing great and you?
i am doing okay, just finished reading a romance book.
that is great. what do you do for a living?
i love to cook. i am in culinary school so i love cooking too.
i am a musician, i love music.
i love classical music. i love romantic comedies.
i listen to music while i am in the store.
oh wow. i am so sorry to hear that.
what city are you from? i live in a large city.
i don't, i don't even know if i should do it.
i am a grocery store owner and don't have a career
i am a chef. i work at a restaurant
i am a store clerk and you?
that is cool. i love horses and they remind me of the movies i love.
i am sorry. do you do anything with your time?
i can do that. i am a chef.
i am good, just read a lot. how about you?
i am good you should try a chef
i am too busy reading to cook. what are you up to?
i have a small apartment. its not too expensive.
it is expensive. i need to start working more
i spend most of my time watching movies and reading romance novels.
i don't read much. i like to read.
what do you do for a living?
i don't have a computer, but i do watch the news, so i don't have to
i want to move to the city, i am sure there are more places to rent.
oh, that is nice. i am in hot weather.
that is cool. i am scared of getting hit by the big city.
you should check that out. we have cops in the country.
do you play any sports?
i am great. what do you do for a living?
i work at mcdonalds. its a dead end job.
what do you do for a living?
i am an assistant professor at a college. i am hoping to go to college soon.
i graduated in college last year. i was on the soccer team.
i will ask about it. what do you do?
you should! i love candy. i love to eat it.
i like to go ice cream and ice cream and ice cream and ice cream. what about you?
do you have any other hobbies? i am a bit of a creepy person.
they don't know i am from my uncle and aunt.
that is good. you should get them some advice
my aunt is a good support too. she is my sister.
why do you need to be supportive?
i have not tried. i like mcdonalds.
i am not sure. what kind of job do you have?
i am serving in the army
i love to sing in the choir. i love the military too!
that sounds interesting! i have never been to puerto rico.
i agree. i have been in a few groups, but none of them are violent.
i have been deployed to south korea. i have a son.
no, i am male and female. i don't have any kids.
wow. i am a male. i was born in puerto rico.
i was born in the usa, but i was in the country in a baseball uniform.
i am a uniformed officer in the military.
cool! what do you like to do for fun? i love to play softball!
yes, i sing along with the guitar in my spare time.
oh, i love to sing in choir.
i don't sing, but i love my friends and my army mates.
i hope you are safe and feel better.
i do, but i don't want to.
i am great, how are you?
what do you do for work? i am a videogame maker.
i am just working on a game. i am a pro football player.
that is awesome! i am sure you enjoy your fantasy videogames too!
i love to play the ultimate fantasy game.
i do. i have to go to the gym every day to stay active.
what do you do for exercise? i swim in the pool.
i don't go swimming. i am afraid of heights.
i would love to do that, but i am too afraid of water.
i am studying computer science. what about you?
i am a gardener. i love gardening!
i like vegetables, too.
anything with tomatoes. what about you?
i love vegetables. i have tomatoes all the way up to the top of the oven.
what is your favorite team?
i am alright, i am just chilling with my dog.
i am just baking some cake.
i bet. i drink scotch every night.
nice. i just got home from a dance.
do you like tv shows? i watch them often.
i am just packing up my stuff. i have to go to school tomorrow.
you sound like a great person
i have a dog, he is a big guy.
that is so sweet. do you like dogs?
well, i just got a brand new house.
no i did not. i was at a carnival and found out it was real.
i love that you are scared of them.
thank you. i just love my dog. he is my favorite.
i am doing great. how are you today?
what did you do wrong?
i am well. just got off work at the shelter.
i drive a forklift and lift weights
oh ok. i don't know what to say to my boss.
i lift weights and i do it to keep my weight down
i do, i have a soft spot for my boss niece.
i lift weights for my barbecue
that sounds like a great idea! my boss is a woman.
i love cats. do you work?
i love scary movies. i like to watch them with my niece.
no it is okay
you should listen to simple plan. i love it.
i love those kinds of relationships. what are your hobbies?
thank you for your love. i am a cat person too.
i am good, just got done with my new relationship.
i don't have many friends i am so busy
i have traveled the world and studied abroad.
that is so awesome do you travel
i like to go to the south pole.
i am going to college to be a college counselor
yes i am from the country, i met my best friend in kindergarten last year
oh. i would say it is very boring
yes. tell me something about yourself.
i am not sure, but i have a good relationship with my aunt and uncle.
that is good i guess you are not going to be able to do anything
okay so what else do you do?
i am an advertising manager. what do you do?
interesting. what are you up to?
yes it does. i am a real estate agent
good and how are you today?
that is nice! i hope so too!
i love to hunt and shoot. i don't hunt much.
i don't hunt, but i do enjoy it.
it is fun. do you have any family?
i really enjoy walking. i have traveled to 6 countries.
yes, i agree. i have a dad in my ford pickup truck.
yes i do. i have traveled to six countries.
he is very healthy. he has lots of energy.
yes. i have a small house
what is your favorite place to live?
oh that is so cool. i like walking.
thank you. do you like to eat?
that is nice. i hope you feel better soon.
i have never been, but i do love the church.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a religious person.
good night.
i am looking for a new color. what is yours?
that is awesome! i love to paint, but i am homeschooled so i can not paint
i live in california, i like to travel and go on adventures.
cool. where are you from?
i am thinking about visiting with my dog and girlfriend. we go on adventures!
i don't have pets. do you?
that is awesome. i wish i had a robot.
what kind of adventure do you enjoy? i am homeschooled.
no, i have been thinking of going on adventures, but have not done it yet.
yeah, i am homeschooled, but my best friend is a robot.
my parents should take me on adventures.
yeah, it is a good name.
you will have to meet her soon.
how are you doing?
it will be nice to have her. i am studying to be a lawyer.
i am doing good. just studying for my major. you?
i am doing good. just got home from walking my dog.
cool, i have a dog
it is a poodle. how about you?
i am in college studying to be a nurse. i like to play sports and exercise
oh cool, i like to travel too. what hobbies do you have?
i love to hang out with my friends. i play sports and play them.
do you like sports?
i like food all the time, but i love my friends.
i love food. do you travel a lot?
yeah, i would love to go with them.
we should go to europe
that sounds like fun!
i am pretty good. i like to read about it.
i am sorry to hear that... but i am more into sports and acting
great, i just watched the news. what do you do?
why did you not watch the news?
i am sorry. i work in it so i am more of a political person.
i just wanna be a fashion designer
do you like to read?
i like to read fashion
i am a journalist. what do you do?
that is why i want kids badly but not right time in my life
i am sure you do.
i really like to play sports
i love football and i am a football fan
i love watching movies
i love movies, do you?
i am into fashion. i like to read
i like all kinds of books.
i am ok. just got in a fight with my friend.
oh no i am fine
i have been feeling a little bit sad today.
why is that? i don't eat much but i am very athletic
i try to keep my legs in shape but i don't like it
yes i am. i love nuts
i like horseback riding. i like riding horses.
yes i do, do you like the ocean?
do you ride horses? i do.
that is awesome, i love to swim
i have one that swim. its great to have them on the beach.
that is nice do you like them
no i am not, i don't want to talk to you
i am good, just waking up from a night of sleep. how are you?
i am so tired, i am moving to new york city next year
i work as a model at a hospital.
no, i am single. do you have any hobbies?
i don't have any. i don't have any kids.
do you like to skate?
i like rain, snow and wind.
i like to be on the beach, but the crowd is too loud for me.
i am hoping to move to a new city.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
i don't want to be a singer.
my favorite show is the surf show.
i hope you have a good night!
i am sorry to hear that.
i would love to see one.
i am good. i am a little overweight.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any siblings?
i have 3 and they are 10
are you married?
wow that is a lot of work!
yes, but it is worth it. i love them.
i work a lot, eat a lot of things and watch tv
what is your favorite thing to cook
what do you mean you don't care about it?
do you enjoy playing with your pets? i have a pet cat named arizona
i am a fat person i am not very good at it
i am sorry. i should check out fast food
oh i am sure you are. fast food is the best
i am fine, i just got done with surgery
i am good. just got back from a long drive.
i just had my dog do something that i love doing. i am so exhausted.
in a hospital, no one knows. it is devastating.
good. i just had surgery. have to drive now. i never got to chicago.
no, i am a single mom. no kids. i just work.
i don't work. i am a janitor at a local hospital.
what do you mean by that? i am a parent so i get to keep my kids.
no i don't. do you have any siblings?
i am 35. what about you?
do you drive? i have to drive to the hospital.
i am in cali. i have been to cali before.
i live in florida. do you have any hobbies?
hello, i am doing good. just got done with a gig.
my name is sam. i am a nurse. what is your profession?
i like to party when i am not playing gigs.
i like to listen to country music and cook
i don't like to work, i like to party, i don't finish high school
do you have many fans?
no, i don't. but i do have a few interesting friends
do you have any tips for writing?
sure, i will be there. do you like to party?
i do. i am at the hospital right now.
i am sorry. do you have a wheelchair?
that is awesome. that is awesome. i am sure you will be a good mom
i am sure. i have a job as a singer. i am a stay at home mom
i need a doctor that can help me
that is a very noble profession.
i am going to buy a new house.
nice! i am saving up for a house so i can save up for crafts
i did not know! i just finished my job.
i am looking for a new home. i love to make crafts
wow that is a lot. i am a work in progress.
i make crafts for my family
i just got a new house. i love dogs. you?
that sounds like fun! i have a pet dog.
i take pictures of everything
that is great. i go out to the town with my friends and get to take photos.
oh. i am free to do that
i like to read and make crafts. do you have pets?
what is your favorite food? mine is sweet
that sounds fun. i like to bake crafts and go to the market
sounds fun. i have a big sweet tooth. i am a dog obedience teacher.
that is cool. i would like to.
i am a folk singer i love it
i don't know what to say
i like to make my own clothes, you?
i work for a bank
what do you do for a living? i sew clothes.
no i just don't
anything good. i like to make clothes
you have lots of them
no i don't like quilts
they are the best! i walk a mile every day
i am in the middle of a big project. i need to get out more
it is not really a mile a day.
do you work? i am a nurse
i am retired now and i make quilts
i am a detective, i am a detective. i am a detective.
i am sorry to hear that. my parents were always gone when i was growing up.
i am an artist. i do research on animals.
that is not my thing. i am a criminal
i am 5 foot, so i am tall. i am an artist.
no i just think that
they are. i am cleaning up the cages.
what do you want to do with your life?
yes i do. do you have any criminal records?
what do you do for fun
my daughter wants me to take her to the zoo.
no i want to be a fashion designer. do you have kids?
i am sorry to hear that. i am going to clean up my apartment.
i will say it is very funny
you don't need to flash. i am sure you can still drive.
that is amazing. i am a secretary.
i just adopted a cat. how about you?
how nice. i have never met her.
we both played board games, like board games.
that is good to hear!!!
i am trying to get my brain out of science!
i read biographies about peanut mops
i am a big fan of peanut butter.
i love to read
what do you do for fun? i just got married, and i have no idea.
because i am lucy and i am learning
what is that? peanuts?
you have a nickname lucy, do you have any other nicknames?
because i have to call my brother and my brother, he just got married.
i don't know. i am hungry.
i am doing good. just trying to decide if i want to eat muffins.
i am hungry! what are you eating?
i have a dog, pedro.
i am going to have a fish aquarium.
i love to eat italian muffins
i like granola. it is a great breakfast food.
oh. i like muffins. they are my favorite.
i am not sure i would say my favorite, but i do collect vintage 50 s.
i would not know. i am tall and i wish i was not.
you are short. i am too short to have leg extensions.
you sound very short. i am 5 feet tall so i am in the 6th position
do you have any kids? i have a son.
i have never seen any of those. do you like movies?
i love to visit zoos! i also love visiting in the fall
yes, i have. i have a cat and a dog.
wow! i love cats! i have a large collection of them.
a tiger... they are awesome
i bet you don't. i am a nurse so i don't have any pets.
i am a teacher and i love my teaching skills!
i have a huge collection of teddy bears
that is so great. i am sure you would be happy
they are great, i love the green ones
awesome! do you have any kids?
yes! i have several of them.
green! and yellow! do you like yellow?
i think yellow is pretty cool. i am trying to figure out what i love!
i have read many biographies, you?
what do you do for work?
i am a college student. i just finished a masters degree in computer science.
oh that is awesome! what kind of music do you like?
i am actually a computer programmer.
what are you going to do in your spare time?
what kind of games do you play?
my dads was a cop, my mother was a nurse, my father was a cop.
yes, i have a daughter named arizona.
i am not married. my dad was a cop.
wow. that is a big accomplishment.
what do you do for fun? do you have any hobbies?
i like playing board games and reading biographies.
i play the piano in my spare time.
i play the guitar too.
i like mangoes, and i am allergic to them. what is your favorite food?
i like sweets. i like chocolate and ice cream
i love to be eccentric. i can be a little obnoxious.
i love watching tv and watching movies.
that sounds fun. do you have a family?
you have a very unique family.
i sell antiques and hair stylists to people for a living
i like to watch sports too
i do, i don't have a lot of time to watch sports
i like comedians too. i don't like exercise or physical activity.
i do all sorts of things but i am not very good at them
that is sad. i hope you are not afraid of being real.
it is a good thing you don't have to work at the moment
i am doing well, just getting ready to head out for the gym
that is great! i am writing a romance novel.
i am doing great, thank you. how about yourself?
that is nice to meet you
my mom is a secretary. i am a biology teacher.
i am a writer
cool. i am a bodybuilder, so i write my own stories.
i have written about romance novels
that is a good one. what kind of romance are you into?
i am an introvert, i write books for fun
that is great. i am working on a book about my bf.
what kind of paperwork do you have?
that is good. i don't work yet.
i am doing well, just got done sewing. how are you?
i am reading a romance novel.
i am also writing a new book about how i am a news anchor
i am writing a romance novel about a boat that i live on.
it takes a lot of willpower to do that
that is an interesting goal. i am an introvert so i am always at work.
that is good i bet i love to make quilts
no, i usually take my cats to the beach with me.
i don't like to write i sew my own clothes
it is nice talking to you, how about you?
do you ever write anything
i like romance novels. i love movies.
yes i do, i don't have a lot of time
that is a lot of money
i do i guess
i am fine. i am just outside of jail.
i will get you a discount. do you have any children?
what do you do for a living?
do you like fashion? i love fashion.
what happened to you?
i would love to be a fashion designer.
that is not good. i am single now and want to be a mom.
i am sorry to hear that.
i would love to be. i love metallica.
i like a lot of all genres.
i like metallica. you?
i don't have many friends.
what is your future kids like?
maybe you should try one day.
both.
i am good just watching the football game on sundays.
i am not good at sports either. i am color blind.
i am watching football, my favorite holiday.
i am in the army. i attended high school.
cool. i like cheese pizza, but i love christmas.
i would not mind. my dog, i love him, is also colorblind.
i don't have any pets, what are your hobbies?
i have a cat. i have 2 dogs.
i don't have pets. do you have any pets?
that is awesome. do you have a lot of money?
i like to watch football on sundays. i love it.
that is cool. what are you up to this year?
wow! that is so sweet!
i am doing good. just relaxing. how are you?
just listening to some country music.
oh, sounds nice. i love country music.
i have knit hats for babies in the hospital. they are so cute.
do you eat seafood? i do, but only in my restaurant.
i do. i am currently working at a restaurant. what about you?
that is not my thing. i don't eat meat.
i am in the city now but i live in a small apartment.
i live on a faraway island. i am in a small town.
i live in china, it is beautiful there.
i am a writer, i love romance novels
i don't know if i have read that
i like to write but i have no passion. i love to write.
i love romance. do you have a fiance?
it is. what are your passions?
i am good, just got back from hiking
i am doing well, just got back from hiking
i have to go out for a hike soon, what do you like to do?
i like to hike and camp with my three cats and two dogs.
i like animals. my father retired, so i listen to music.
oh, that is cool. do you have any pets?
i have 2 dogs and 1 cat. do you have any pets?
do you have a favorite song?
i am retired now, so i am just working on my stereo
i don't have any pets. i call him barry manila.
what else do you like?
i like to go to the mountains to do animal things.
that is great. what other hobbies do you have?
i am more into writing and painting.
i like to hike and camp
hi! my name is jenn. how are you?
my name is lel. what is yours?
i am doing well. i just got done with my nursing job.
i am doing well. working a lot as a secretary.
oh wow. what do you do for work?
i am a secretary. what do you do for a living?
i am a nurse at the hospital. i hate my job.
oh, i am sorry to hear that.
i am not, i just schedule things
i am a secretary. do you have a job?
yeah, i have been to several clubs. you?
i don't. not really into clubs. i just like to eat candy.
i just sit and watch my dog. we take care of the dogs.
hi i am great how are you?
i am good just finished reading a paranormal romance
i love to scare people with scary movies.
yes it was. i have a stutter when excited
i like them too, i want to be an actor when i grow up
i have 6 older sisters and one younger brother that i adore
i am sure that is true. i am more of a creative type of person
i have been thinking about it for a while.
oh that is okay. what are your hobbies?
i like to read paranormal romance.
lol. i am a good reader.
no, not really, i spend a lot of time reading paranormal romances
well if you were a reader, i would have done you a favor.
i have six older sisters.
i bet you are very talented.
i am a retired military veteran, do you like to travel?
i do, i work in it. i am also a democrat, i care deeply about politics.
well, i am in school, i don't go swimming
oh, i watch the news a lot on tv, do you?
i do, i like hawaii, so i like to go to hawaii.
oh, that is amazing. i like to watch the news on tv.
that is a lot of distraction.
what do you do for a living?
i work at a fitness center.
nice, i am an avid reader, so i read a lot
i do, i teach middle school and high school.
i don't read much. i do write about politics.
i don't read, i like harry potter.
oh, i am not into reading, what do you like to read
i read about all kinds of things
i am a bear, and you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
cool! i am a nurse at the hospital. what do you do?
nice! do you like to play board games?
yes! i also like nature.
do you like chess? i am a board game player.
no, i don't sing. just shower and go to the shower
i think i will be singing in the shower, it is like a singing unicorn.
oh no! do you know that merna is a red cross volunteer?
i play that in my game of card games
yes, it is. i work in the computer world.
no, not yet. college is my only option.
i am a nurse. i am a red cross volunteer. you?
oh, i hope you are well. do you volunteer at the hospital?
i have done some private duty nursing.
i do. i work in the office. how about you?
i am still in high school. i am still in college.
college soccer. i was on the soccer team last year. you?
that is so cool. i am a mixed race girl. i love soccer too.
i was good at it. i was a little bit of a jerk in college.
i go fishing and go to the beach with my sister
i am not much of a fish person. i work at a small office.
i bet it does. my parents died so i was always on the streets.
sure. my name is lucy
my name is jennifer
i love the show about the soccer team
i have a dog named barbie
i have a dog named lucy.
i have a dog. he is a little white lab.
that is sweet! i hope you are doing well. i have a sweet tooth
hi joanna. my name is joanna and you?
hello joanna how are you today
i like horror films. i like watching them.
i like to play video games with my two cats and dog
i am a retired farmer and i love watching horror movies. you?
i grew up in a very successful dieting business!
do you want to become a dietician?
no, i am not in the fitness business. but i have a business.
do you have a degree in dieting?
no i am a professional dieting and fitness specialist.
oh wow! what do you do for a living?
nice! do you have any pets?
no, just cats and dogs. you?
no, i don't have any pets. i also run a business.
my mom teaches at a school.
i am good, just eating some healthy food.
i am doing okay. my life is very uncertain.
oh that is a shame, what is it like?
its a problem with my movement.
i like to cook and listen to country music, i am vegan.
i would be so glad to hear that, i am allergic to eggs
i am allergic to meat, so i am allergic to it
oh that is very sad. do you have any pets?
no, i don't have any cats
i have a stray cat that is a lady.
i like to listen to country music
that is sweet. i like making clothes.
i like to knit hats for babies in the hospital
yes i am currently a batista
no, i am not. i am just in oklahoma. i am in the country.
i live in chicago. i have lots of tattoos.
yes, i have two older brothers and a younger sister.
that is cool. my family lives in chicago.
no, but i do have a few family members in oklahoma.
do you have any tattoos?
i have a red and blue rose tattoo, it is scary
i bet. do you ever wonder if you are in a car?
no i have not. i am from oklahoma.
i have never been to oklahoma. i am in chicago.
i am mean, i am sure it is rough.
i am sorry. do you have any pets?
i understand. that is what i was saying. what do you do for a living?
i will. i have two brothers and i live with them in an apartment in chicago
hi lauren. i am in texas. i was adopted recently.
that is nice. i am a little older than you.
i don't know. do you?
that is awesome! i love the folk music.
well i do like cats, i just adopted a stray cat
i live with my cats in texas. do you have any pets?
i don't have any pets, do you have any hobbies?
i love the beach and i also enjoy the outdoors.
i love making my own clothing and singing folk songs. you?
wow that sounds like a lot of fun. i am a fairly large furry.
i bet! what is your favorite instrument?
yes i do. i don't win much, i spend most of my time online
what do you play?
i bet. i would like to play card games with you.
i don't play any cards. i like to play the game of thrones.
i am practicing my new shot.
a.45 cal and hunting. i am gonna kill some shells!
that is awesome. i just love to garden.
i am sorry to hear that. what kind of business do you operate?
oh, i bet! i love sports!
i go to the gym and work out with friends
that is a great sport. what sports do you like?
wow, that is very interesting. i am quite a hunter myself
i like to make purple flowers and collect them!
nice! i bet you like my girlfriend too!
oh, that is horrible. i hope you get better soon! i am terrified of water!
i am glad you are okay, it is my job to protect you!
oh no! no shrimp salad and then a shark ate her.
hi, i am doing well. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that
i am worried about my kids and they are too young to worry about.
i would like to help, but mcdonalds does not pay for it
are you an academic or just a teacher?
it is very hard to afford college
oh, what do you do for work?
i work at mcdonalds
maybe i should go running, reading and running.
oh i hope so.
i read and listen to jazz. i enjoy it.
i am a horror fan
i write books about them. i am a novelist.
i am tired. how are you?
i am doing well, thank you. how about you?
i am jordan, i am a vet. my name is jordan
my name is michael. do you have a job?
i live in california, i live in florida.
i live in tampa. i am homeschooled, so i am still home.
i am 25 and i play video games for fun.
i don't play much. i am homeschooling my child
i do play a lot of drama books
i am currently in graduate school.
yes i am a veterinarian, i am always learning new things.
that is good. do you have free time?
i play video games and read a lot. what about you?
i love reading. i am homeschooling.
i love drama books, what is your favorite?
i am doing good thank you. what are you up to?
yeah they do i love the rush
i like them. i have heard italian music a lot
i am a graphic designer so i sing a lot
what do you do for fun?
i work in sales so i don't have time for that
i work in a restaurant. what about you?
i love italian food! what about you?
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you have similar interests?
well that is a good point. i am vegan, so i have to be happy
you should try tofu.
i really like spaghetti and meatballs
i would love to learn how to cook spaghetti and meatballs.
i bet that is awesome. what do you do for a living?
what is your favorite thing to try?
just catching up on frisbee. i love it. you?
that sounds like a lot of work. i am homeschooling my child.
lol, i wish my cat would get his puppy.
i am allergic to cats but my child has a cat named bob.
no, but i have a turtle named timothy that is so adorable.
i see. so where are you from?
i live in bora. i love to boat.
do you have any pets? i have a sea urchin.
you must really enjoy it! do you have any hobbies?
that sounds like fun! i don't like team sports, i am homeschooling.
that is awesome. i enjoy traveling and meeting new people.
i like making crafts and spending time with my cats.
i don't like to watch much. i prefer watching anime.
i am homeschooling my kids so it is easy for them to do what they love.
no kids yet. i am single. do you have any pets?
hello, i am doing good. how are you today?
i am just watching a movie. what are you watching?
do you have any makeup? i love makeup.
cool, what hobbies do you have?
yes, i am working on making my own clothes
what kind of music do you like?
yeah, i like to be around people, that is why i adopted a stray cat
i like to read and travel, i love to read
i love traveling too, but i work a lot, and i need to be more active
i want to travel to europe but i am not sure what to do
that would be awesome, you should try that! i am trying to find new ways to make clothing
that is a good thing, what kind of environmental activism do you do
i like watching tv a lot, especially on the netflix.
i travel a lot, and i have never been to europe.
that is not good. i am more into science than technology.
my parents from australia and i love it here.
nice! i love cold weather and snow
i am from tx
i am in california. i work for a local firm.
my dad is from oklahoma. i love miami so i am very proud of my birthplace
i am a little unsure of myself. i am more of a snow guy.
it is. i love working on my own.
yes, i work as a manager at a firm, what about you?
i am a mom, i am proud to be american
i don't have a lot of money. i don't have a lot of money
i am proud to be an american and i do that
i grew up in wisconsin. it was beautiful there.
i love winter. i go to the beach with my dad
i like video games. i don't have time for video games.
that is cool. i like to read drama books to get my mind off of movies.
nice. do you have any pets?
cool! i like dogs too. do you have pets?
i am a vet, too. i have a dog named pedro.
what do you do for a living?
do you have any hobbies?
i love to travel. i am originally from california but moved to florida.
that is awesome! do you live alone? i would love to be.
yes i do. i am from there. i work as a veterinarian
i am sorry to hear that. i have been to florida a few times.
since i moved to florida. i am not sure if i will ever move back home
i live in carolina. i love to walk to the door
it is. tough in detroit.. but i have a great family
i am too. do you have any pets? i have a dog.
i am good, just got my nails done
i am good just got home from work
what do you like to do?
i like to play softball. you?
i love the beach. i enjoy riding horses, and driving them around.
yes, but i also like the waves.
i do, i have a horse. i love them
i don't. i don't have a horse. i am a pet owner.
i love pets too. i have a dog and a cat
yes i do but i don't have time for them
i have a cat. i have a dog.
i don't travel a lot i have never tried them
do you like italian food? i don't like it.
i like italian too
i don't have any, i don't like too much meat.
hi i am doing well. just got home from a long day in the army.
i am jamming out to a popular band
that is cool i am a musician and don't play any instruments
i play the guitar with my dad who drove a semi driver
i am a music nerd myself. do you like music?
what was that like?
yes it is, i get tired easy, but its not easy to change.
i wish i had more time to relax
i am not very good. my leg is still in the army.
i am sorry to hear that i have to amputate my leg
it does. i have been in the military for a while.
i have 3 sisters and 2 brothers
i have one brother. he is older than me.
i don't. i just have my dad who drives my semi.
i have heard that. i am old. i don't listen to them much.
i am good. just got back from the truck stop.
do you ever ride your truck?
yes i am and my seven kids are my favorite
i am too lazy to work at home
how long have you been disabled
i knit hats for babies in the hospital and listen to country music.
that is cool i like mysteries
that sounds interesting. do you like music?
i like country music too. i grew up on the farm
do you like to eat healthy? i cannot work due to a disability.
i have to have lots of fresh veggies to eat
that sounds like a fun life.
i am always busy working and reading
i am glad i was able to move it was so much hard work.
in california. i moved here in the midwest
i am sorry to hear that. i am a nurse. i don't get along with my dad
oh no, that is not good.
i am sorry to hear that, do you have a job?
i work for an insurance company, its a busy life
i have been at the same job for years, my job is like a nurse
i love eggplant parmigiana, my favorite food
i love onions, it is my favorite
i like eggplant parmigiana, but i don't really like it
oh wow, my dad would never let me talk to him
well, i am a stock broker, i love my brothers and sisters
wow, how old are you? my dad is a retired nurse, so i guess i am older
oh no. i am sorry to hear that.
he does not like my family, but i love them
i don't like my food i like mexican food
that is cool i love my family, my family is from mexico
i do, i am going to hairdress school and i will be a christian
i don't know what he is. i am a devout catholic and love to watch one of
yes, i am. i have two boys and a daughter.
that is good. i can relate. do you have kids?
do you have a favorite type of hair? i like the exotic fish aquarium.
oh goodness! pizza is my favorite food.
i like to eat healthy, especially granola.
oh, i am craving a pizza, but pizza is my favorite.
i like pork chops!
oh wow! what is your favorite food? mine is pizza
yes, i love pizza. it is very good.
haha, my favorite color is purple.
i like purple, i like orange too.
well i love purple too.
do you like the channel?
i am good. just finished a run in the gym.
i am learning to code. how about you?
that is cool. i am a competitive body builder
i drink iced tea to relax. it helps me stay hydrated.
i don't drink iced tea, i just do bodybuilding
i like to think i am a soul. i am not that kind of person.
i don't know. but i can imagine the smell of a bear
oh that is very cool. do you like rabbit stew?
yeah, that is a good thing
you are just a good person. i hope to be a baker someday.
i have a color blind friend who is always judging me
i don't really mind. i am pretty into anything.
that is so nice of you to choose me.
do you have tattoos? i have 2.
oh wow that is pretty cool, you have a lot of them
i am good and you?
cool! i am making a wood sculpture. you?
i have been a model. i am a famous actress
i used to drink but now i like poker
that is crazy, i am single now and i am looking for a big break
i am married. how about you?
oh, i bet that is a lot of work. i am a model
i play poker at work and my wife and kids play cards with me
that sounds like fun. i have to live in new york and work in models
i am in the city. i see a lot of people there.
i have been dreaming for a while. i am currently working on my acting dream.
where do you live now?
i work in a model agency. what about you?
that is a very creative job! i love to sing.
i am from new york and it is nice
i am good thanks. how about you?
i am just sitting at home with my uncle and aunt
that is nice. i am a travel writer so i work a lot.
i want to be a real estate agent
that is cool. what do you like to do for fun?
i am a lot of fun. i want to go back to work but my parents don't want
i have a dog too. he is my favorite.
i love dogs, what kind of dog do you have?
they do. i like to walk long distances, but i am scared of them.
i bet, i bet, and you like to swim?
i don't, but i love to read, especially travel.
i love the beach, i have been there once
i love italy, its a great place to go
that sounds great! i am looking for a bucket list!
ll. i love italian food. i have a big dog that likes to drink it.
i am good. i am sad about my dad
that is too bad, did you do anything wrong?
he is a dr. i am a nurse and i hate it
i was a surgeon in high school
that is cool. i don't like cats at all.
i don't. but i love my spouse
i work in a nursing office as a nurse.
i work in marketing
i do, but not my dad. he is not with me.
i love soccer, but not soccer.
i like soccer too, but i am not sure if i like soccer.
no, but i am in a position of power. i don't like to sit around.
lol. that is pretty good, do you have a favorite subject?
i love watching soccer and watching sports on tv.
that is cool, do you like crime shows?
i am doing well, how are you?
good. just eating some old vintage cars. you?
i am fine, i am in the jewish faith. i travel and study abroad
that is nice do you like to do that?
i like to study. i went to school in north dakota.
that sounds like fun.
i have not even heard of jazz. i grew up in north dakota.
my husband and i grew up in southern dakota. we also like reading.
that is cool. i am a white nationalist. you?
i am not, i am a human being
i am not really an you. i am more of a foreigner.
do you have a son or daughter? i am a pediatrician.
i would rather not have to deal with people.
that is good. do you have any kids?
no. i have one boy and one girl.
i am well, just finished serving in the army. you?
i am in new york too. it is very rainy here.
i am in new york, my uncle is from new york.
i am a korean. what is your favorite tv show?
i love israel! its a beautiful place, and i am excited to visit it.
i am from cali, i am a chef. i love to cook.
i have a birthday on my birthday
i am thirty. i enjoy jazz music and listening to the office.
i do, but i am not good at it.
cool. i like to travel, but i am not in a job right now.
yes i do i just don't work right now
that is not good. i am worried about the future
i am a police officer. i like to kill people
that is not good. i am too cool for that
thank you. i am just too outgoing for that.
i am doing well. i like watching horror movies and watching horror movies.
that sounds like a lot of fun! i like to party.
i am a teacher and my mom is a good teacher.
cool. i am a singer, but not a huge fan of the genre.
wow, that is awesome. i was born in south carolina.
my dad drove a semi. i am the lead singer.
my mom is a teacher.
oh really? i was in high school but i dropped out of school.
my mom is a teacher.
i was born in california. my dad drove a big rig.
i was born in chicago. my mom is a teacher and my dad is a farmer.
i like the country. i have a truck.
oh wow! that is awesome. where are you from?
it was great. i was in chicago on a cruise.
that is awesome! i also like to listen to horror movies.
i am good, just got done shopping and got a volkswagen beetle.
i am doing good. just got done with my day off.
i drive a volkswagen and want to be a doctor when i grow up
i like to fly my own plane
that is cool i want to be a doctor
i like to cook but i am good at it
i am really good at it though
that is great i am always busy so i am always looking
i am also going to be a college student
that is great i want to be a doctor
i hope to become a doctor, i want to be a doctor
i am. i don't like to work
that is good to hear, i want to be a doctor
nice. i am from there
well i am going to the party next month
i am good, i am just doing a dieting exercise
that is awesome! i am a veteran.
i am a very healthy and active person
what is your name?
a cat named chicago.
i am old, i need to get a job, i don't have one
i am retired, i love exercising.
i used to drive fast but now i am in a wheelchair
that is cool, what kind of games do you like?
i do, i go fast over terrains
ok, i could use a wheel chair and a day off
i don't really like it
i do, that is what i do for fun
i don't do much at all
you are very tired.
i love dogs! i am an environmentalist!
i like cats but i am homeschooling
i work for a real estate agent
cool i get up early and then go to work
yeah i have been to sleep every morning
that is awesome i am homeschooling my kid so it is cool
yes i do i love making homemade things
i don't really have a particular style of painting
i have not met any people who have art. i am a real estate agent
yes, i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. i am an environmentalist.
what is the reason?
anything fast, lol
what do you mean?
i am from mississippi, i am an environmentalist.
hi brianna, how are you doing today?
i am sorry to hear that. it was a rough night.
i am playing a game of thrones.
that is a lot of work. i am a nurse. i need to be more organized.
yeah i am playing video games with my computer science degree.
i play video games when i am not at zoos
i have not played them. what are your hobbies?
i like to draw.
i love science fiction, but i don't have a hobbie.
oh that is interesting. i am a nurse and i work as a nurse
my mom is a medical doctor so i have to go work, so i get a lot of free
that is cool, i hope to do both sometime.
it is very rewarding. i love working on models, especially the ones i build.
oh yeah that would be cool
i am working on building a bot that is going to be able to read minds
good, i just ate my favorite past time, collecting civil war antiques
oh, i am sorry to hear that. mango is a food!
i love all food, especially rice and pasta
i love italian food. i have never been to italy
i have a dog named jenny, she is sweet and friendly.
yes. i tutor troubled teens
what do you do for a living?
oh wow, i love italian food. i don't think i will ever be able to do
my hair is mostly civil war antiques. i collect them all the time
that is cool. i am into softball.
oh, that is cool. i went to the opera this year.
i love it, i play in a choir too.
a little bit of both. he does not seem to be very interested in my hair.
i am good. just got done eating pizza.
i do, i am a bodybuilder. you?
my older sister and i are the only siblings in our family.
i have one brother who is my oldest brother
oh, you have a favorite food?
i don't really have a brother. my mom is a secretary
i love paranormal romances. i love reading about ghosts
what do you do for a living?
nice! do you like vampires? i love them!
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure he would not like that
i will. i like pizza. my brothers and sisters like it too.
i sing along with my mom and dad
i am sorry. my brothers and sisters are the best.
how do you cope?
i don't have a job at all.
hi, i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. i am eating a couple of onions.
i don't, what do you do for a living
i don't. i love cats. i am a nurse.
i know you love them
no, i am fine. i am a nurse, so i don't get along with my dad
are you married?
no. i am male. i am a male nurse.
i like movies and singing
i like watching tv too. i don't like cats.
yeah i don't. i like watching it on youtube
oh i see. i don't like the television either.
i wish i could but i have to keep busy
3. my dad and i have been together for a year.
3, 6, 7, 10, 12. its a long time
hi there, i am from italy, where i live.
yes i love eating anything that is not sweet.
i like to go to europe and see the sights.
i love to eat sweets but i hate sweets
i would like to try italian food, i have a dog, too.
i don't like it but i love italian food
i have never been to jerusalem, i love it there.
i have never been there. i don't have much time
i would like to visit there.
i would love to go, but i live in new york
what do you do for fun?
i am going to watch some tv.
i love tv. i love traveling too.
i am great. do you have any kids?
3, and i am busy, my wife is cleaning.
i have a husband and 2 kids
i used to play poker but stopped recently
not really. i am a professional wrestler
what do you do for a living?
i am a fitness fanatic.
i build things for my family
that sounds great. do you like rap music?
it is a great job. i am a carpenter.
it is ok i just listen to music
oh wow, i bet you are a good carpenter.
wow, i am addicted to that
i used to drink but that is no longer the case
i don't like to workout, so i eat a lot of sushi
i am fine. just got back from a karate practice. you?
i have a dog. he is barking too much.
i don't have a dog. but i love karok! i am allergic to dogs.
i am sorry. i know you are struggling.
i have never been able to see my mom. she was not able to see me either.
i met my best friend in a small south dakota town
that is sad. i love music. i sing karok.
i have never been to north dakota
i am in texas. i am from california.
i met my best friend in kindergarten in north dakota
wow! i lived in spain for ten years.
i visited london once. i met my best friend in kindergarten
i visited jerusalem recently. it was very beautiful.
it is very nice. i wish i had gone there more.
that sounds really interesting. i was thinking about that a lot.
i am doing very well, how about yourself?
i am doing good. just listening to some country music
i love bach, i love to eat bacon. what about you?
i am disabled, so i don't have the time to work
i speak english, but i love bach. you?
that is great. do you have any siblings
i am in pennsylvania, but i am not getting any money.
i did, i love it here. i am a vegan.
yes, but bacon is my favorite. what is your favorite dish?
i am not. i am vegetarian.
well you are in good health, i am a vegan
i have a disability so i cannot do that
do you like music? i love music, but i don't like it
country. i like listening to it when i am with my friend
i like classical music, you?
hello. i am sam and i am katie. i am homechooled.
i am great. just playing my guitar. what about you?
oh, i love music. i listen to music all the time.
i like blues. what is your favorite band?
i am a robot. i am homeschooled.
i live in chicago, where i don't have much time.
yes, i live in california, but i live in california too.
you sound like a pretty nice person.
i like big cities. i get a lot of free time with my robot friends.
yeah but the city sucks too
i am sorry, i am homeschooled. but i have a bad relationship.
oh ok that is a terrible idea, sorry about that
yeah and i hate her too.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i am well. just finished reading a paranormal romance.
that sounds interesting. i am currently reading the novel by Audrey Hepburn.
it is. i work part time as a waitress.
i watch movies and tv with my husband.
i bet you will get to watch some shows!
i am not familiar with that show.
it is not good. the show is always good.
i would not mind that, but i don't like it either.
what kind of food do you like?
what kind of tv do you like to watch?
what channel is it on?
i don't watch commercials. i like netflix.
i am not sure what that is, i might want to binge watch some paranormal romances.
i like documentaries too. i have a wife who watches a lot of documentaries.
hi i am doing alright. just got back from a long day at the shelter.
that sounds fun. i am a little lonely. i am a country girl.
i am too busy cleaning for a job.
i work at a hospital, and i have no time to go out and do anything else.
i work in an animal shelter. i am a kennel cleaner.
no, i am looking for work, i have no family so i am not working right now.
i have a pet. i have a hard time finding work.
no, i am a parent myself, do you have any?
i am disabled, so i am always searching for work.
i have been in the military for almost 10 years.
i understand. i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you are a good person.
yes, i would like to be better about that. i am vegan, so i can be healthier
that is good. i like simple plan. it makes me feel better about myself.
i love to go hunting and sleep.
i love candy and candy. i have a candy cart.
i don't really like chocolate, but i love classic cars.
i have a chocolate chip cookie.
i am an engineer. i am a forensic scientist.
i graduated last year. i work in an office.
i work for a car repair company. you?
i do. i like chocolate. i don't eat much chocolate.
i will not eat those. do you cook?
i am a bit of a snack eater... so that is fun.
i am a handyman. i do it all the time.
oh, what do you do for a living?
i am a handyman. do you have a job?
i am great! just watching the titanic ten times. you?
i have not seen that show before, but i am a democrat, so i like it.
i love fox news, i have a golden retriever named ginger.
yes, she is a boxer, she is so cute.
i have seen a few of his movies. what do you do for fun?
i like to read, i like to be politically correct, but i am a democrat.
do you have any kids?
i am a mother, i love my babies.
why do you want kids?
i am a democrat. i am more liberal than most people.
i am a hippie! i love hippies!
that is cool. i think democrats are cool.
i would rather talk about it.
what are your hobbies? i like reading, watching tv and listening to music.
yes i do. i love cupcakes.
hi there! i am good to meet you.
i am doing ok. just got done with school.
i am from new york and i work for a modeling agency
that sounds like a long and rewarding career. i am in the army.
what kind of music do you like?
that is great. what do you do for fun? i sing karaoke, it is my
you sing karaoke well, i sing in a choir.
sure. what are you into?
i hope i am not alone. i don't want to be alone.
i will have to let my kids though.
no i am single. no kids though
i am a single mom and i am not allowed to have kids
i am not a mother either, i like to sing
i like to sing in dark rooms. you?
i like to sing. i don't want kids though.
hello. i am joanna and i am a teacher.
i am ok. just tired. i work at the hospital.
that sucks. i am a singer and i sing in a band.
that is awesome, i like music. what kind?
i am a rock and roll fan.
i have been at the same hospital for a while. it was rough.
that is cool! i was born in north carolina.
i will be traveling soon. i have been there for a while.
i hope to get away from my farm soon. where do you live?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry. what is your parents farm like?
oh my dad is a farmer and my mom teaches
i know i have to get used to it. i am a nurse, but i don't like
my mom teaches kindergarten. she is a teacher.
that is nice. i don't get along with my dad.
i love horror movies. i am a singer
no, i don't. i love the music.
i just got back from the concert. i don't have time for concerts. i am taking college
oh, i am sorry. i am currently working at an animal shelter
i am a college student so i would like to be a teacher
nice, i work with the boss
i am too old for that, haha
i have a soft spot for my boss niece she is 25
i am not good at that, lol. i don't want to look too young.
do you like simple plan? i like it
i like lasagna and pasta
i love simple plan, its my favorite.
i love tacos! what is your favorite dish?
i love it too.
i like eggs too.
i love caviar. i have a hard time eating it.
hello! i am well, how are you?
i am good. i am just getting ready to move to new york city.
i am so glad to hear that. i just got back from a long drive home.
oh, i don't like grocery store i just moved to california
i have a painting job in a grocery store
i do i love to paint and surf
sounds fun! i live in a big city so i like to take my two horses out
nice. i am sorry to hear that. i am also very good at my job.
yeah, i like to ride my horses
that is unfortunate. i am very good at singing but i am not very good at it
i don't sing, but i do like taylor swift
well i sing, but i don't like it.
my dream is to be a singer someday.
not really. do you?
i like to paint in my spare time
hi, i don't like sports. i am a fantasy reader.
what kind of music do you like?
i do. i like writing fantasy books myself.
i am an avid reader. i love reading.
fiction, fantasy, and horror. you?
i am a pretty good writer. i blog about animal rescues.
i love fantasy too. do you read a lot?
i am currently a competitive body builder.
i am 21. i am also a huge fantasy fan.
that is cool. i also love drawing.
i do. i love fantasy comics. i have two part time jobs.
yes i am. i am a competitive body builder. i love drawing dragons.
i work part time at a clothing store.
yes, i am. what about you?
cool! i have two part time jobs, one for the police.
i am good. just watching a movie. you?
cool! i love eating onions and trying out new recipes.
that is good! i am not much of a foodie, but i do eat lots of it
i like to mix them in to veggies.
i love onion. what is your favorite food?
you like them! lol
i watch tv with my husband. i like watching movies and tv
i work in a hospital, so i am more of a nurse.
what do you do for work?
i have not been at a job for years.
do you watch tv a lot?
not really. i prefer to be honest.
i like movies and tv. but i don't like exercise or exercise.
i do! i love to read. i am married and have two kids
oh wow that is awesome. nice to meet you.
i wish i could! i am a bit of a dreamer
do you like cooking?
i am a pediatrician but love books and movies
do you have a family? i don't but i want to be a chef
no, i live in a small apartment
do you have pets?
i do, i like cats and dogs, but only for a few months
i don't have kids, i just rent an apartment.
i am a pediatrician, so i spend a lot of time on my spare time
i want to build a restaurant, but my car is too expensive for that
i do, i love it. you?
oh really? what do you like to do?
yes i do, i would love to travel to chicago.
i am good just scared of heights
that is too bad. i am sorry to hear that.
yeah i am a religious person
i do but i do a lot of bodybuilding
i don't. i am an attorney
i don't have a phone so i have to be with my mom
that is awesome. where are you from?
i work in a bodybuilding company
oh i guess so. what do you do for work?
i am in california, and you?
i am sorry to hear that.
i am not really a fan of heights
i don't like heights, i sleep in the morning
i am a doctor i do bodybuilding
oh wow that is a good career
i do, i love the ocean and the beach
what language do you speak?
yes, i have never been. i have never been to the ocean, but i love to swim
no, i don't have any devices. i am just trying to learn
i understand, that sounds interesting! do you like the subject?
i don't think i could swim. i would be afraid of bugs
yes they do. i have worms in the sea.
yeah, they are not very tasty
i would eat it but i prefer fish and chips
i am sure that is delicious. i like cookies and bacon
i guess you should listen to the teacher
that is really fake. they are so fake
haha, that is a good way to tell the truth.
hello, i am great. how are you?
i am home with my cat
no i don't i am a furry
oh my allergies are pretty bad. i have a cat named milo
you should try that i have allergies to cats
do you like to wake up early
yes i do i love to play on the computer
what do you do for fun? i am homeschooling my child
no, i did not like it.
i like to educate myself
i like public school, but have never been
wow that is awesome, i am homeschooling my kid
i like to play video games on my second life
thanks for telling me that you like me
i am not. but i sing.
cool. i have a new name, ralph.
my name is jenny. you cannot tell me that!
what is your first gig?
yeah i like my 3 sisters more than you.
cool. i have 2 brothers and a sister.
i am in a band and have a great job.
i teach middle school.
i am driving a semi...
i am a senior at my school.
i would love to drive one day.
my mom was a truck driver.
no i am just a lead singer.
that is awesome! i am still in school.
i am doing well. just got out of college.
i am doing okay. i am getting ready to go to school.
i am in charge of my students and i am going to do my best to make them happy
i don't know what that is
i am not familiar with you. i don't like the law
i am an instructor in robotics
i am a human being. i don't know what to do.
i am a human, do you have a tail?
you sound like a human. i am a prankster.
i am confused about that
it is the same, i don't know what you are talking about.
well i am just kind of a boring person
well i am studying law as well and i have a 2nd year in college.
yeah, i am just trying to get by
yes, i usually buy some stuff, and then go to the store.
great! i just finished cooking dinner for my horses.
i am great. just finished the last work i had.
you are pretty good. i just got off work at the horse ranch.
i am a carpenter, but i am also a long time player
oh, wow. that is amazing. do you have any children?
that is very sad. what do you do?
i am so sorry. i just want to get married.
that is cool, i am not a cop myself
i love to go to the theater with my horses
that is awesome! what city are you from?
i live in the city, in the mountains. i love horses
wow, that is a lot of land. i don't like to live in the city.
yes, where are you from?
i play poker but it is a lot of work.
that is a good thing. do you have any kids?
i am great! just enjoying my daily horse ride.
i like cats, they are my favorite!
i have a car dealership, but i love the beach too.
no, i work nights and work at the store
i am vegan, i am on a diet now.
yes, i try to be a bit of a vegan
i have been trying to lose weight since i was a kid. i love the beach.
i am not that good at it either. i am a horrible cook
i would not say i am a great cook. i am on a diet now.
i am a gym junkie, i like to eat and go to the gym
do you have a car dealership?
i work nights. my husband works nights and i drive around
no, i am a funeral home. i am pretty lucky. you?
awesome. i don't get many limos.
that is great. my dad has a lot of cars.
i love metallica. i am a singer.
oh cool! i really like you.
i like hiking and hiking around my collection of teddy bears
cool. do you live in wisconsin?
i have two boys. i am a nurse
yes, i am. my two brothers are the ones i grew up with.
i am a little too young for that
i like the color snow, i love it too.
i don't blame you
my job is to work as a manager.
i am a nurse
i am a senior consultant at a hospital.
i don't have much time for it
i am a very busy manager.
that is a good thing, i wish i could work more
i am doing well, thanks. how are you?
i am good just got back from the gym
that is nice do you like people?
yes, i am a blogger and have always wanted to be a body builder.
i have a husband that runs a business.
that is good, what else do you like to do?
yes i don't have any kids so i stay home
i have a little sister, but she is a little more than full.
that is so awesome! i have kids too
i am single now. i live with my little sister and she is a big help
my dream is to have a big family
i wish my dream was to be a world champion.
that is a great dream!
my mom has a lot of them, she is very caring.
i hope so. i am just reading now. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing well, how about yourself?
do you like to work?
yes i watch nirvana on tv
ah, i am not very good at running.
i like to play with my pet cat
i don't have a pet but i do like animals
yeah i am, i just work in a music store
well i live in a low income apartment, so i am not very good at it
that is cool do you like music
i don't really like them. i prefer music
i am a cop, so i listen to that all the time
my dad is a rock music fan. what do you listen to?
what do you do for fun? i like to listen to nirvana
i have a pet dog. do you have any pets?
i love that band, i am an artist
i am doing good, how are you?
i am great. just got done playing my guitar.
that sounds nice. i am a science fiction author. what kind of music do you play?
i am a skater but i am more into bluegrass
i am a music buff, but i am afraid of spiders and snakes.
yes i do it is my passion
i am a student in engineering, so i am not very good at it.
that is great! i am a skater, i am also a professional skater
i wish i had done that. i am currently an engineer.
they did. they are very good skaters
i would like to see my parents a few times. i am married, have a son and a
that is so sad. i am sorry. i was raised with a tail, unfortunately
oh my gosh, i am so sorry to hear that. i am a scientist and love science
i love john denver. he is my favorite.
no i don't. i have a large horse ranch so i don't have eggs.
oh that is great i am sorry, i like music too
i like to work out all the time
my dog charlie is a big fan. he is my brother
i have been to australia once, but never heard of australia.
no, i don't have any, my brother and sister don't
no, i don't have siblings, but i do have a horse, he is a jagu
my parents live in australia. do you like horses?
do you know my name?
thanks! that is nice of you to do that!
they are smart too, so i like to think they are
they are, i wish i could read some of their books.
what do you do for a living?
that is good. i work out a lot.
i am a carpenter. i love playing poker.
no i am not really a mom, i am a nurse.
that is great. what else do you enjoy?
i don't have any children, i have a large collection of teddy bears.
that is great. maybe you could go back to work.
i volunteer with zoos and i like that
i am a carpenter, but i don't have many friends.
what kind of cabinets do you design?
no i have not, i don't have any friends.
i have thought about it, but i have not really thought about it.
well i guess, i am sure you will like it
i don't play much but i do donate lots of money to zoos.
i am not good at it either, but i do like to drink
i know that i am. tell me more about yourself
thanks. i don't have much time for hobbies.
i am good. just finished studying for my college study.
just finished reading a book about arctic explorer
i am studying education, i am 22. i am going to college for that
i am an arctic explorer. what are your hobbies
i wish i could be a geologist, but i don't have the money.
i don't have time for hobbies. i hunt for lost arctic explorers.
you can find them anywhere. i enjoy hanging out with my friends.
i would love to! i hunt for arctic explorers and return them home
cool. i have a hunting trip planned for the weekend. do you hunt polar bears?
i am a geologist so hunting is what i do. i am a teacher
i am a 21 year old girl! i love rap music.
i would like to learn from you. i would be a singer in the foreign country
i am a 22 year old girl. i am a mother.
i love the first book. i will try to read it a lot.
i am not much of a rapper. i am a girl
i was just relaxing at home. i was doing good. how are you?
that sounds cool! i am a teacher
yes, i love chips. i would rather not eat them.
they don't like it i am having a late night listening to heart
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i am a professional skater.
oh no i miss them
yes. they are the best.
what a wonderful thing to have
no. i am in high school now.
i am sorry to hear that
sorry, i was born with a tail. my dad did not want me to go to the hospital
that is why i am so happy
i am sorry. i don't like chips. i think i am smarter.
oh wow that s sad i have 3 kids now
i am more into sports, skydiving, etc.
doing great, i just got home from a workout.
i am watching a movie with my wife
i am not familiar with fox news. i am not a fan either.
i am sorry to hear that. my husband and i both have kids.
i have a sister, and i am also working out.
i love sushi. i work as a teacher
i like sushi. my dad and brother eat it all together.
i have 2 and 3 boys. do you have any kids?
wow that is a lot of work. do you work out?
i am trying to think of something to do with them.
i am sorry to hear that. i have a sister. she is also vegan.
i would hate that. i am a proud republican so i don't like fox news.
i wish i could have gone for a long time but i don't want to.
i am good. just listening to some rap.
i am studying to be a lawyer
what do you study?
you must be busy with school
i am working on my degree, i have to pay for it.
that is great i am sure! are you married?
i am excited! i hope that goes well with your girlfriend
it is an exciting time. are you married?
no, i am just studying. i want to travel.
i love going on adventures and going to the jungle
i play baseball, basketball and football.
oh cool! what do you do for a living?
i play sports as a hobby.
awesome. i am studying to be a lawyer
i go to the college basketball games
my day is spent at school, what do you do?
i love the sea, do you like it?
i live in new york city.
i love manhattan. do you have any hobbies? i like to explore with my sea creatures.
i have a very good singing voice.
i do. i love to sing. it is a pleasure to explore.
i will be moving to new york soon.
i like to go to the beach and go fishing. do you swim?
my parents don't teach me.
my family and i go out and eat with friends.
i love seafood and lobster, i am in new york city
i love to travel. i have been to the ocean several times. do you have a favorite place
i could not afford to travel in new york.
i would love to go shopping, but i am not sure i would like it.
do you have a favorite movie?
hi! it is my favorite season. do you like it?
you are so lucky! i love fall and watching the sunset.
i am a fashion designer myself!
do you have a girlfriend? i just met her recently.
i am sorry, i don't have any girlfriend.
i hope so, but i have not decided yet.
i am sorry. i work in the fashion field.
i bet! i have a job, but i am not ready for a career.
i will try to make my best friend a fashion designer.
i know, i can imagine. i live in another state.
i am sorry, i have a hard time doing anything besides work.
yes, i would be very careful.
i have a turtle. he is very happy.
i love hunting and hunting. i have three guns and love hunting.
i am in the army. i was born in puerto rico.
oh, i drive a ford pickup truck, i go to church every sunday.
i drive a truck.
what city are you from?
i am a big fan of the outdoors. i love to be funny.
i am a stay at home mom. what about you?
i have a boy and a girl.
i am 22. how about you?
i am 30. how about you?
do you attend church? i am more conservative than you.
that is nice. i am from puerto rico so i am not a religious person.
i don't believe in christian worship. i pray every sunday.
do you believe in god or men in the church?
my beliefs are in the bible and i believe in god
i am fine, just got done with my 14 year old trans boy.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a comedian myself.
i am not really a drama person. i am more into action.
cool. i play video games all weekend.
i play video games with my 12 year old son.
i am a veterinarian
that is awesome! i have allergies, i hate cats and dogs.
i am allergic to anything that comes in contact with them
i want to be an actor. maybe i will.
i am in a new area, not in california. i have a vet there.
do you have any siblings?
do you play guitar? i am a drummer
i am a musician but i am not very good at guitar.
i am so sorry to hear that. i need to call my therapist
aww. my name is jordan. how about you?
hi i love cats, i work at a cat shelter
i love going swimming.
i am very fat! what do you do?
it is ok. i am a fitness fanatic. i love swimming.
i am from the us, i am into all kinds of things. what do you do?
i like to drive my convertible mustang, but i am too big to drive.
nice! i have three children and they are all very nice.
i do. i enjoy it as much as i enjoy swimming.
i am happy and busy, but happy too. i don't like working.
that is okay. i don't have much time to enjoy my work though.
it is but i am a happy person and have three kids.
i am from the usa, but i live in california.
i am from the us, i am from the us too.
i am good, how are you?
i am doing well. watching the office.
i like that show, i also sew the licorice licorice.
i have never been to new york. i live in new york.
i am in new york. i just got off work. i am walking.
that sounds good. i am a huge fan of sweets. i like them all.
i like to eat quilts. i am retired and i like to eat them.
i don't. i don't have any pets.
oh i see. i have a dog too. he is a pitt bull.
i love animals too. do you have any pets?
that is nice. i used to be a banker. now i am retired.
i would love to be a vet someday. i don't know how.
it is. i live on the outskirts of my hometown.
that sounds like fun! i would love to see the zoo.
i bet! i am just getting old
i love the bad movies. they are my favorite.
oh okay. that is good choice.
i love horses. i am a horse person. what do you do for fun?
i like to drink scotch with friends. do you?
that is cool. i have a bad leg. i hope to retire soon.
i am sorry to hear that. i hope i can relax.
oh no! i am sorry. i am sure my friend would not like that
i am a writer and i write short stories. you?
i work in a library as a photographer, i am retiring soon.
that is cool. i am going to be a writer.
i will ride horses. i love them!
that sounds like a fun idea. i write short stories for a living
you can try that! maybe you can write a short story about a farmer
that is great! i hope to see you in a good movie someday
what do you write about?
not much. just playing poker.
what is your favorite game?
i bet. i am a carpenter and have three kids.
i don't like driving. i spend most of my time at home with my family.
i have a lot of friends. i don't have many.
i would love to work in a fast food place. i live in a low income one.
that is too bad. what do you do for work?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any pets?
i have a cat and a dog, my wife and 3 kids.
i don't have pets. i don't like animals either.
oh ok! i am a carpenter, so i love animals.
i am a runner too. i don't have any.
i play poker for fun, and you?
i think i am a magician
i am more of a fantasy guy
i am sure you are very different than me
i bet they do. i just want to go out and explore with my friends.
i paint a lot of things. do you have any hobbies?
i like to take my sea creatures to the beach
i love to see city life
i live in california but i also have a lot of money
i am a huge city dweller. i like to paint in my spare time
my family and i enjoy doing it together.
that is great. i listen to a lot of music
i don't. i eat. i don't drink. i don't drink.
i am not sure i have heard of it
that is cool. i have heard she is pretty cool.
i like her. i bet she is very attractive
yes i do. i listen to music while i am working in my cd player
that is good, what do you do for fun
that is great. i like jazz when i am not working.
oh nice. i like running and reading to relax
i am sorry about your knee. i am a runner.
i am married and have two kids of my own.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure they would be better off with a knee.
i do, it is the garage they live in.
i watch news on tv every night.
what do you do for work?
that is true. i like politics a lot.
i also like reading, so i don't have time for politics
that is very interesting. what else do you enjoy?
that is true, it is important to keep busy. i love running and reading so i don't
i don't have any pets, but i love dogs.
nothing much just hanging out with my kids.
what do you like to do?
oh i see, i am homechooling my child
i don't know what that is
i am in texas
i am in texas. do you like texas?
oh ok. i have been affected by a tornado
i was but i am praying for you
i am not so fortunate because i am homeschooling
oh i see, it was the weather that made me want to go to the zoo
i am homeschooling my child
oh wow, i am so young. i am just a teenager
i am not sure how that is.
i spend a lot of time online
oh okay. i am homeschooling my child
hi! i am well. just got back from taking a cat for a walk.
what is that? i am learning to play poker
writing romance novels is my passion
what do you do for fun? i am also learning to relax.
i run every day. i love it!
about 10 miles a week.
that is great. i live on a beach. i love the sand.
i have never been. you could say you are a great person
yes i do. he is the only one i know who is famous.
what do you like to do for fun? i love watching the ed sheeran videos
cool. do you go to concerts?
that would be awesome. i am not sure what to do with that
i am going to the dock to write my romance novels
i love jujitsu, i am in college and hope to become a teacher
no i am not. i am a fighter.
hello. i like to cook and exercise. you?
i don't have any, but i am more of a model car person.
awesome! i teach, i am the only teacher in my class.
i work out a lot but i am a model car guy
i love to exercise, i do that on occasion
i am not dieting. i just watched the titanic ten times. it is my favorite!
i read a lot. i love to exercise.
no, i did not see it. i am not a huge fan.
my cats love it too. they just love to run.
i have a ferrari, i have seen it twice. it is my favorite.
nice! i have a dog, he is my fave. what is yours?
i am actually a first time father. i eat a lot of food.
i am good at it. my dieting business is amazing.
nice. i like food that is healthy and does not get in the way.
do you have any kids?
i am good! looking at the corner
what kind of spider? i have a gun.
i don't kill it! i am too afraid to.
i am sorry to hear that. i just got back from a day outside.
i have never seen spiders before.
i do. i work at a bank.
i have been lonely since my parents passed away
i am sorry. do you have siblings?
that is wonderful. what do you do for a living?
i am a lawyer. i am also a writer. you?
i am a legal fiction writer. i have a wife and kids.
i am a lawyer too, but not good at it. do you have any hobbies?
i am a lawyer. do you have any children?
not much, just finished reading a science fiction novel. you?
that sounds like a good way to get your papers done. i am a student and a writer.
i am a science fiction author. i like to write about the weirdest things
oh okay. i am studying for a biology exam.
i am trying to be a science fiction author
what do you do for fun?
yes i do. do you?
i do, but i am very studious and don't like to party.
i am not drinking and partying is good for you.
yeah, i am a student so i can party a lot
i am going to graduate with a degree in engineering.
yes. i am hoping to finish this year
i am a science fiction author and i am a biology major
i will be writing about it soon
i am. do you work?
i like writing. i am a nurse.
that is fun! i am a huge ed sheeran fan.
cool. i like to read a lot.
i am sorry. i have a pet dog.
i am sorry. my job is boring.
yes, i am a cashier at a local grocery store.
i am a nurse. i hate my onions. they are my favorite.
i am a chef. i love all sorts of food.
i love to run, i just hate cats. i like to run too.
yes i do. i have a cat. she eats dog food.
i would love to move but i don't have time. do you have a pet?
i was thinking about moving to a box. i would get rid of her too.
i like boxes too. i have a box and a cat.
i don't know. i am a pro jiu jitsu instructor.
i am a nurse. i hate being with my dad.
i am doing good. just watching a movie
i am. i love my 3 cats and 2 dogs.
that is cool do you have a bad attitude?
i have three dogs and a cat and two cats. do you have pets?
i love dogs, i have a 32 year old man.
i teach animals. i hope i teach them to love the outdoors
what kind of food do you like to eat?
what about you
i want to be a scientist
that is great i am 32 now
i want to be a chef
i live near mountains and hunt deer
i enjoy it that way too
i am always hunting my cats and dogs
i am sleepy for sure
its going well, just got back from the mall.
i am in north korea. i am serving in the army.
i am in a small town in china
no, but i do serve in the military. what do you do?
i don't have any hobbies at the moment. what do you do?
you should join the army. i like to be around people who are boring.
i like to make crafts. i like to decorate my home
that is awesome. you are very kind.
i really like to think so
i get stressed. its so stressful
oh no you should get out more
i am. it is not fun.
do you like them
when i was twenty years old i was a teen.
i have four. they are too big for me
i love watching horror movies, i am a huge fan!
i am a tattoo artist. i have a lot of tattoos.
cool! i am from south carolina, you?
i am from chicago
i am from chicago, how about you?
i did, i just got a job as a batista
do you have a great student?
i love music, but i am too into it to listen to it.
that is awesome. my mom is a teacher. i live in south carolina.
do you live in arkansas?
i am in the band, horror movies! i play with my dad at his farm
i play the guitar, it is my favorite
i play the bass guitar. i am a good conductor
i am well. how are you?
i am doing well, thanks. just working on some new stuff.
i wish i had a bacon fryer, i am not very creative.
yes, i have not tried it yet. i don't like bugs.
i am currently a law student, so i have a job.
i am a engineer. i work in a bank.
i am studying law, my major is in business.
oh wow! i am a computer science major.
i am currently looking for a law degree.
i am currently working on a piece of software. what do you do?
i could work as a lawyer. maybe i can buy you a condo
that is good. what do you do for a living?
that is good. i want to be successful.
that sounds like a very noble goal.
i think i will. i am watching too much too much now.
not too bad. just relaxing in my garden. you?
cool, i am going to have a garden for my family.
yes. it is great for my favorite team.
do you have any flowers?
do you have a favorite food? i love purple, so much food.
i am a teacher, and a nurse
that is nice. my factory is all about pipes
i can understand. i don't have the money for guns
i would rather die than pipe in my pipe
oh no, i am sorry to hear that.
thanks, i don't know what that is going to be.
i would love to be an actress. i love dancing.
i like dancing, but i am not very good at it.
i am a student, i am studying to become a college major.
that is cool. i am in school. i am a registered nurse.
that is awesome. i am going to play sports and hang out with friends.
i enjoy going to the store and pizza
that is cool. i love the field of orchids
i love being a christian.
i am a 22 year old girl so i love the color purple.
i like pizza. especially my favorite food.
i bet that is a lot of money
i understand. i don't work, but i do volunteer at the pediatric hospital
it is not. but it is fun.
that is not a bad way to be. i am a registered nurse.
so what are you going to tell her?
i am doing well, how about you?
i am doing well. just studying to be a lawyer.
that is cool. i am taking a quiz tomorrow.
i am studying for a lawyer.
that is interesting. what is it you are studying?
yes. i am studying to be a lawyer. do you have any pets?
do you listen to music when you study?
that is nice of you.
yes i am. i am in a barber shop.
i am in a relationship too.
i live with my girlfriend and i just got off work.
not really i enjoy traveling and going on adventures.
i like to go out with friends, especially oldies.
i go on adventures. i have been to a lot of places.
i like to go out to try new restaurants.
great, i just got home from a day at the shelter
what are you taking for hike?
i am a large animal lover, my 3 cats and 2 dogs love the outdoors
i am 5 feet tall and have a couple of friends
i don't blame you, my parents were very strict
that is nice i think i am a nice person
it is, i don't like to be around animals either
no i don't have any pets
i have three cats and 2 dogs
oh ok, i am sure you are doing well, do you clean the house?
yes, i do, i clean my stains with my wet cloth
i have a pair of jeans i bought last week
yes, i have to get out of my car soon
i would love to have a car, but i am still in school.
i am sure you can, i have to get my car fixed soon
hi, i am great, how about you?
great! just watching the news and reading, you?
that is cool i enjoy it alot
it is! i love reading.
what kind of books do you like to read?
i like romance novels. i am also a democrat.
i like romance too. i was on the soccer team.
what do you do for a living?
i am a secretary for a local hospital
that sounds like a good job! do you have any hobbies?
i am a soccer fan, i joined the soccer team in college
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i am not really into crafts, but i enjoy working in an office
i like to decorate and build clay pots.
wow that sounds very interesting. i love making things like that.
i am great. just got back from drinking a little bit.
i am doing well, just got home from walking with my dog.
oh nice. i like to walk with my wife and 3 kids.
do you like craft? i love craft
i do. i can do it. i am a carpenter. what do you do?
i am a freelance artist. i do freelance work too.
wow. do you travel much?
italy is beautiful. i would love to visit italy.
that sounds like a great vacation!
i hate poker, but i would like to travel to europe.
i bet you get a lot of tickets. i can play them in a few hours.
i wish i had more friends. they lost to me in poker.
i bet! i like to paint. what do you like to do for fun?
i like to make food and drink italian.
i love to swim. what about you?
i am a beauty, and my hobby is to collect vintage 50s decorations.
that is great. i am a full time dieting student.
i have seen me in a mirror once.
my cats and dogs don't complain. do you have any pets?
that is not funny. i have an exotic fish aquarium.
i have two dogs, and a cat. they are a rescue.
i have a pet fish. do you have pets?
i love to eat healthy and exercise
i am a vegan so i am also a huge fan of dieting
what do you like to do for fun?
no i don't, but i have a habit of collecting vintage 50s decor.
that is so cool. i am always on my diet, and exercise is the best
i love to jog. i do a lot of that when i am not hirdressing.
i am fine, just got back from my fur coat
i wish i had a vegan diet. i am on a diet now.
i am a 20 year old male. i eat a lot of food.
i have my nails done today. i love them!
i am glad you are healthy. do you have any hobbies?
yes i do. i was a mama at a young age, but now i play professionally.
i like them a lot. what do you like about them?
i used to live in texas. but now i live in florida.
my dad is a car salesman. he drives a few fancy cars.
i have a few vintage cars.
what are your hobbies? i have a collection of furry things.
i drive my dad for a living.
that is crazy! i am a criminal myself.
it is but i just got my new car.
oh i am sorry to hear that. i live in texas. do you?
i am michael. i am a hair stylist.
i am a professional singer
nice! i love dogs and they are my friends.
yes i can, i listen to a lot of horror movies
oh wow. i was not familiar with you. i don't know if i can sing
haha yes! i just dyed my hair
i hope so! i just had my favorite christmas time of the year so i am looking forward
awesome. i love horror movies! do you like them?
do you like christmas? i like it when i watch football on sundays
i am guessing you got that in school.
that sounds fun!
what are your hobbies?
i like to smoke. i like watching football.
i have never been to a country, haha
oh wow. you must be in the army
sure, i like to go hiking and camping with my mom.
that would be good! do you have any children?
i am a retired man. i don't go camping.
i am a carpenter. i love to play poker.
i don't. i prefer to go hiking and camping.
hiking is fun, but i have never been. i am a little drunk.
that is good. i work in the healthcare field
i have three kids, i don't have many friends.
i understand. i am a nurse and stay in the home with my mother.
that is why i love to be around people.
i like to hike and camp. i go camping a lot.
i love listening to music and driving.
i like country and rock. do you have any hobbies?
i like oldies music.
what is your favorite food?
i am doing well. how about you?
i am good just listening to some simple plan.
oh wow, i have never heard of that one.
i like simple plan. its the only band i listen to.
i don't. i just have not been to a large city yet.
that is cool. i don't have a favorite band, but i am a veterinarian
oh. so do you have any pets?
no, i don't. i am alone.
that is true. do you have a good reputation?
yeah, i don't mind. but i am more of a jerk.
nice! i think i will be single forever. i have a golden retriever.
she is just a bit too mean for me.
i have not. but i don't think i would be a good model car guy.
hi, i am just studying for my class
that is awesome, i am getting paid to deliver and work.
that is cool. my family has 4 of them.
oh i don't think i will have any kids.
i am 5 foot so i can be alone.
i am 5 ft 5. do you like water? i drink it every day.
wow. i am really tall. i am a bit too tall for sports.
it is, but i don't drink water either.
i don't drink much water. i prefer the outdoors.
i don't know if i have one yet. do you have kids?
i would rather not. i like some sweet stuff.
i would like to keep this beautiful body!
i bet! i will be listening to you while i drink some of my favorite persony.
yes, i work for a large company.
i don't, i am a stay at home mom.
i am a dog owner, but i don't like my dog
my left leg is severely injured. i need to get a new leg.
i make civil war antiques and collect antique antiques.
i am an old horse man. i ride horses all day. i love them.
yes, i am a perfectionist.
i don't really have a beard.
i cannot believe i am allergic to mangoes.
i don't, i just like to eat healthy.
oh, i am so sorry. i don't eat much mangoes.
haha. i am a huge fan of mangoes, and they are so good.
my allergies are always getting in the way.
i love watermelon, but it is expensive.
i love the salt. i have a weird british accent.
that is awesome! i am still unemployed!
i am good! i am going to college next year.
what state are you from?
yes, i am. i will be there for the vw beetle.
that sounds like fun. my parents were both alive and well
i am in high school, so i am a junior now.
yes i am. i am in engineering.
i am in high school, too.
i was in high school for 12 months.
wow! i don't have any time for that.
that would be cool. i teach science fiction
i am a student in high school.
that is awesome. do you have any favorite things to do?
how do you do that?
i am not very active, i sew and walk.
i like to exercise too
i also like to walk. i am more active.
i have a very successful dieting business
oh that is really fun. what else do you like to do for fun?
i like to read books. do you like to exercise?
i like to walk. i am pretty good at it.
it is. i really enjoy exercising for long hours
i have a dog and cat. what do you do for fun?
i have a dog named rob.
i have a cat named rick. she is the only one i have not seen.
cool, i am a comedian. what do you do for fun?
how long have you been a mother?
yes, i own a pet company and own a big dog
i am doing good, thanks for asking. what is up?
i am good. just got done buying a new pair of heart cleats.
i like green so i get that color every time i go to the store
do you have any siblings? i was born in the late was
yes i was born in new york, how about you?
i was born in the midwest, but i am a pretty young lady
i am a jewish kid
i am just asking, what is your favorite band?
i am very young
i don't know my age
what else are you into?
i wish i was 25 but i have been married to my parents
yes i am married. do you have kids?
no, i am divorced.
oh no! that is terrible!
i am good. just chilling and listening to some music. you?
i like music. do you?
i like to go camping. it is so relaxing.
do you have kids?
i am. i am retired. i am taking care of my father.
oh, i am single and want to be an actress.
i don't want any, but i like red meat.
i am not really a big fan of red meat. i want to be an actress.
awesome! i have a stereo in my truck.
i don't. i do like music.
what kind of truck do you drive?
what is your favorite thing about him?
i love going camping and hiking.
that sounds like fun.
yeah, but i don't want to do that.
i am good. just got engaged to my best friend.
i am well. i am working in a teacher class.
i love watching sports on tv, i love watching sports on tv
what do you like to watch?
reading is what i used to do in high school. i am a writer.
i love to cook! and i am a proud republican!
cooking is fun. what do you do for fun?
my specialty is politics. i like politics too.
i am not into politics but i am a citizen of the states
i don't think so. i am a republican so i guess you are a cook
i am a conservative. i am also a college graduate.
i have never been in that position.
i see. i am a liberal who was a cop before i got engaged.
no i don't like sports. i prefer reading
i am a student, what do you do for a living?
i am a student
i teach at a school that supports troubled teens
i think that is very sad, i am sorry
yes, i love italian food.
i love that food. do you have a romantic relationship?
i love italian food, especially softball, especially when i sing
i have traveled to europe and italy
i don't travel much but i do like it
i love italian food, i don't have time for it
i don't i don't read
i love to read too. what do you do for fun?
i have never had that, but i love italian food.
i love it. i love walking and going to the park.
i am good. what is your name?
i am not sure. i am singing karok in the army, i am a karate
no, i surf and skate for fun.
i love surfing too, i am color blind.
i bet. i would love to live in california. i love to surf.
i like to sing karok. that is my favorite.
i am still in school, but i am currently in new york city.
yes, i served in the army, so i am a music journalist.
i am an actor and model. i surf and skate.
yes, i do. do you have a passion for surfing?
my dad is retired, i am going to surf next year.
yes, i live in texas and am not interested in that.
what is it called? i am going to be moving to california next year.
i live in michigan. do you travel?
that is great. i want to move to california next year.
i am not sure, but i am quite young.
what do you mean by that?
i am just hanging out with my dog and my sister
that is interesting. i am planning on going there sometime soon.
where do you live now?
i work as a nurse, i love it
that is sad, i am also a young mixed race girl
that sucks. i am a nurse so i take care of them
that is good for you, i bet you get a lot of free time
i love dogs, but i hate cats
i love dogs too! i live with my sister and my dog, and she is a beautiful lady
i do, i don't have any. i hate them, even though i do like onions
i don't have any. i am only a child. but i am into everything.
i am ok today i am scared of heights
oh that is good news, i hope you are well
it was nice talking to you. where are you from?
that is great to hear. i have never been to oklahoma
that is awesome. i am training dogs to be better.
i have a wheelchair that is modded to go very fast over many terrains
i am sorry to hear that. i have two dogs and two cats.
no, i am disabled, so i don't have a lawyer
i am not religious, i don't believe in god
that is awesome! i am old and i have a lot of money to help.
i am an attorney, not religious.
nice! do you have a religion?
i love nature. i love being outdoors and in nature.
i am good. i speak english.
no, i am from california. what do you do for a living?
i am a technician. do you work?
i work in the office cleaning cages.
that sounds like a lot of fun. what kind of music do you like?
i like rock. i am obsessed with collecting antique items.
i eat bacon and eat some of it.
i like watching sitcoms. do you like to watch movies?
i love cooking. i make my own bacon and eggs.
do you like to eat? i do, but i am a frog.
what color is your toes?
mine is brown. i am a white lab. i have a lot of work.
i have a black eye.
it is short and i have it trimmed to the point i can not keep it straight.
i have a mole on my neck. what kind of music do you like?
i am good. just relaxing.
what are you studying for?
i am a marine biologist
cool, i love fish and fish
that sounds like a lot of fun.
oh my! i don't want to be alone, i just drink water
i understand. what do you mean by that?
i am on the gym a lot, but i don't want kids
that sounds great! i love to be active
yes i am i am single and alone
that is awesome i really like to do bodybuilding
i don't want kids
i don't like being alone though.
i am doing great, how are you?
i am great, just got back from zoos. you?
that is awesome! i love the animals. i work as a teacher.
i loved the zoos, they had teddy bears and they were great.
i am sorry. bears are fun, do you have any pets?
the red one. what do you do for fun?
that is awesome! i am sure it is worth it
i have a few dozen. they are adorable
that is amazing, do you have a big family?
i have been working as a nurse for a few years now.
i am a teacher, so i can help
since the beginning of the year. we always get displaced children.
i am a teacher, i have been around for years.
awesome! i love zoos. i am a red cross volunteer.
that is true. i am a full time teacher
i like titanic, but i am not captain
that is awesome! i have seen it twice. i am sorry.
i am a dance fan, but i am still in school.
that is cool! i like model cars, but i like my golden retriever ginger
i was born on edris island, i live here now.
i was born and raised in america.
i live in texas, you?
are you ready to go?
no, i have not been to america yet. i have been to red carolina.
do you have any pets?
i have a dog and a cat. what are your hobbies?
do you like my modeling?
are you a ginger? i don't have any pets.
i love dogs. i am homeschooling my child
cats are not my thing, i am allergic to all animals.
i know what you mean. do you like music?
i understand. what kind of crafts do you make? i am an attorney.
i am trying. i am homeschooling my kid.
what do you do for work?
it is good to get up early. i am home early.
i love to wake up early. i am always at work.
that is awesome. my mom taught me a lot of things.
what do you mean by that?
i agree. i am guessing you will agree.
i would say that skills are important.
anything that is not a home made thing. i like to make crafts.
i do art and craftsy things.
i don't think i will ever have a dream catcher.
i am a cleaning artist. you?
i am a science fiction author.
that is cool. i am an artist and i work at a research facility.
yes, i have two kids.
i am single. i am a mom and a dad.
that is very sad. i don't have any kids.
yes, i don't know if i am alive, but i am a pretty good person
oh. you don't live with them?
i am afraid of getting my trash bag dumped on my bare feet.
i am terrified of spiders. they are everywhere.
i am a realist. do you have any hobbies?
i have not scared my parents.
they scare me. people get mad when i take my toes for my work.
i am doing well. just got off work. what do you do for a living?
i am doing well thank you for asking. i love animals.
no i don't do you? i don't have any pets
i don't like cats either
oh i am sorry to hear that i am 5 feet tall and my two parents are not.
i like music, but i don't like the idea of being an actor
yes i do i love music what kind of music do you like
do you like music then
i like all kinds of music and do you like music
i love pink floyd
i love pink floyd. i like music too.
you have to look for it
what do you do for a living?
i don't, i am a student.
i don't work. i have 2 siblings and a small family.
i am good, i am excited to go to a paranormal romance dinner.
my kids and i love to run, read and play jazz.
i have a dog. he is my favorite
i love listening to jazz. i love listening to it when i run.
i listen to the music of all kinds, paranormal romance.
oh nice, i love tacos, i love tacos too.
i have 6 older sisters and one younger brother.
no, i don't have any. do you?
i am a stay at home mom. i have six siblings.
i am a pediatrician, what do you do for fun?
that is cool. i like jazz.
i love to read. i have to go to the dealership for vintage cars.
i love the thrillers, i have a stutter when excited.
i love cars. do you have any pets?
i like old cars too. i have a couple of new ones
i am doing well. how are you?
i am great. just got home from church.
nice! i just got a leg and am tired.
i am sorry i was so sorry. do you eat?
that is good. i am retired and have been in the army since i was in the navy.
i agree. i pray in the bible every sunday.
i believe in god, but i don't do much
that is good to hear. my family is down the street from me.
what kind of people do you believe in?
i like animals too. i have a cat named ryan.
i have a cat. i love cats too.
nice. do you have any pets?
i have a dog, a dog and a cat.
that is very true. my family is down the street from me.
i am sorry to hear that.
i love bluegrass music! i am a pro skater.
oh i have lots of hair
do you like hockey
cool i am home schooled so i don't skate
i see i like the mall
cool i just got out of school
i love chips! i am allergic to chips
i hate people who are too smart
how old is he? i was born with a tail but he passed away
you can call me a blue haired girl when you get your tail
i did when i was a kid. do you have any siblings
oh wow i have a job and i am homeschooled
i play bluegrass music at the hollister game
i am fine, just got done with surgery. how are you?
i am good. just got home from work.
cool! i am glad you are listening. what is wrong?
i am sorry. what did you do to deserve this?
i had surgery, so i had to go to the doctors office to get a cast.
oh no, i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
i am sorry. i play frisbee and eat sardines every day.
aww, that is a lot of dogs. i don't have a dog.
i have two, but i love playing frisbee with them.
do you have any hobbies?
i think so. i just had surgery and it was hard eating sardines.
that is too cute.
they do. i eat them for breakfast and go to the doctor.
i bet. i am going to have to make a cracker.
i bet they would make you hungry.
i am good. just relaxing in the pool. you?
i like to watch frisbee, what are your pets?
yes, i have a large elephant
i have two lilies. they are so sweet!
i have a huge family.
i don't like to play frisbees. i don't like to sit in the park.
cool. do you have any pets?
i have two large dogs. i am not sure if i have any pets.
i bet! i bet you have a lot of fun with them!
they are a beautiful breed!
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
yes, i am doing well. just got done playing frisbee.
oh that is terrible. i just finished college.
i was never married.
no, i have a boyfriend.
i am doing well. just got done with work
i am watching the news.
i bet that is a lot of fun.
what do you mean by that?
i just got done with the map.
i don't like being around people
what type of music do you listen to?
i like to read and just read
i love animals and i love animals too
i am a democrat. i hope to become a doctor
what do you vote for?
i would vote if i could not work as a democrat
its going good. i am getting a cat and two dogs to keep me awake
just hanging out at home. just got home from work.
two cats and a dog, two dogs and a cat, two dogs and a cat.
hi, i am good. just listening to metallica. you?
that is nice. i love metallica too!
yes, i am. i work for a consulting firm.
i am not. i am nervous. i am scared of the dust.
oh no. are you married?
i am in college and play soccer
i love hockey! i love the hose hockey sticks
i don't play any sports, i am not very athletic
what do you do for work?
wow that is tough.
it is. it is just me and my two brothers who are running the show.
what do you do for work?
wisconsin. i played for the metallica band.
i attended cali. i am a graduate.
that is cool. do you live in wisconsin?
i love my husband. he is the best
it would be a great change. i love my cats so much i just sit around them.
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any siblings?
i would love to see you at home, my husband works night shifts.
i am 40 and still need someone to cook for me.
i bet they do. i bet you will get a good deal.
i will give you something. you will get it.
i am a baker and my husband makes cakes
that sounds nice. i pray for you
i would love to help you with that...
oh no, i am just not feeling good right now
thank you, my husband is a great listener
well that is okay, i wish i could go somewhere new and live with you.
you have to try and listen. i want to make my own food.
i use the robots to the fullest... to kill robots
oh that is so cool. do you have any family members?
yeah i am single and i love graphic design
i am conservative so i am not really into weddings.
i am a sales professional, i work at a online store
wow, that is awesome. i just moved my family to ford.
yes i do. i am an omnivore so i can report on them
i don't know what to say to you. just pray.
i am not a conservative. i prefer to drive my own car
i have a ford pickup truck. its nice.
oh. i am not sure. i just went to church last week.
oh, that is not religious. i am conservative.
i agree with you. i have been at a friend wedding since i was young and now i am
i understand that. but we need to do something with it.
i am not religious. i sell graphic design.
cool. do you know any of them?
hello, i am lucy. i am a freshman in high school.
i am not sure i can tell. i am blind and live with my little sister
that is not good. i am thinking about getting a doctor so i am not alone
i am a competitive body builder, and i am very competitive
cool, i want to be a doctor in college
i like to read a lot
i love to read. i also like to shop
i love theodore roosevelt. what is your favorite thing to shop for?
that is cool. i am also 17 and a senior in high school.
i used to be a writer but i stopped writing.
that is cool. what kind of blog?
that sounds like a lot of fun
i am thinking of going to udder and i am thinking about driving a volkswagen.
you could drive it
do you have anything else to do?
i am a homebody, and i love to be around people
well, i like the cold, but i love the winter.
i don't watch much tv, but i like to watch movies and tv
i do too, i have a turtle named timothy
no i have a dog named tom.
that is great, i don't have any pets
i have a husband who is very devoted to me.
i don't have a family yet, but i want to get one someday
i like ice cream. do you like it?
yes ice cream is my favorite food. i love ice cream
i love the fall and summer. i like movies and tv.
i like watching ultimate frisbee, what is your favorite?
i like the movies that are made in the summer, i like movies about hurricanes.
i love forrest gump. i like the city, i live in bora
i watch it twice a week i like to list it
that is awesome. do you go to school often?
i am working part time to pay for my rent.
i bet you are a pretty handy man
i am going to hunt my brother and sister.
well i will be hunting with my buddies this weekend.
that sounds fun. i will be eating pizza.
i love to go hunting. do you have a car?
that is awesome! i have a stutter when i drive my car.
no. that will be the end of it.
i am guessing so. maybe i will take a drive.
i would have to go to the makeup store, i am allergic.
i have a lot of paranormal romances, but i don't like them.
i am not a fan of romances. i am more into classic cars.
i would rather kill them than kill them.
i am an engineer so i am always working on stuff.
i am good. how about you?
i am pretty good! what is your favorite color? mine is purple.
i like the color blue, and i also have a turtle named timothy.
i don't have a hobby, i don't have any pets
my favorite is ultimate frisbee, my favorite sport.
i like soccer, i am a catholic, so i am very active
i am religious. i try to make friends when i am at church
i am a catholic and i like to pray. i am a bit of a skeptic.
oh, that is very restrictive. do you have any hobbies?
i am a registered nurse
that sounds like a tough job.
i do, i don't know if i can work in that field
i love it! i love being with new people, especially my turtles.
no i don't like bacon, i hate it.
yes, i like bacon. especially with the sauce sauce.
i like bacon as well. i am not familiar with bach.
that is a good thing.
i prefer milk, but i enjoy it with bacon.
you are right! what do you do for a living?
i am an engineer. what do you do?
i am an accountant.
i am a full time student, what do you do for a living?
i don't know what that is. i was in school.
i am in cali, i have never been there.
awesome. i love the music. i love trying to get out there.
nice! it is a great place to live, i have a large family and lots of friends.
i have never been to the opera, i saw the sunset.
that is great. i have never heard of them.
hi how are you doing today
doing well, just teaching my kids, how are you?
oh wow, that is nice of you. i am sorry to hear that. i have two kids
i love kids. my wife and i have been married for 22 years.
i have two dogs and a cat.
i have a dog, a lab, and a cat. do you have pets?
i would love to adopt one. i love animals.
that is really nice. i teach at a high school.
i am a nurse. what about you?
nice! i also cook. i love to cook.
i like to ride my bike.
no i am not a bike person. i like to ride on the bike.
i have two dogs and a cat. they are missing.
i don't know, what do you like to do?
i would love to. i am always working on my nursing skills.
just got home from frisbee, have a dog
i am just eating breakfast everyday and eating sardines.
i have a human brain, but he is a poodle.
they are. i just lay around outside. you?
me too! tell me more about you?
i have a girl with a large german shepherd. she is a pain in the butt.
lol sorry to hear that
yes. i am doing good. i had to eat sardines for breakfast every day.
i am studying for a masters in nursing
i went to college with a degree in accounting.
i am lucky too. i don't have much time for hobbies
yes. i am a stay at home mom in the country.
i love the countryside. i love the countryside too
i also like to travel by plane. i have two of them.
that sounds like a fun way to spend the day
i am good. how about you?
i am doing ok. my parents died and my sister passed
oh i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
my parents are deceased, so i can deal with it.
i have been through so much. i am sure you are very busy.
you could, i have a dog, ralph.
i would love to travel, i have a big dog and he is always ready to go
i like to take my sister and my dog for walks.
i am doing some traveling, i have got money
i love europe, its a great place to see movies and concerts
i have read about it. i am reading a book about it
do you have a reason to do that?
i am an avid reader of travel books
i am from canada. you?
i am from california. where are you from?
nice. what part of the us do you live?
it is good. what is it special about you?
well, that is why i am a democrat.
not really. i am just talking about my 3 guns.
i don't really know much about politics.
i am a conservative, and i think that is why i am not in politics.
my favorite was 2000.
my father is a great speaker.
i like computers too.
i don't really, but i do like to study computer science.
that is cool. i like them to be around people
i like to play with my three guns and hunt.
that is interesting. what do you do for a living?
i am well. just finished reading a lot of poetry. you?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am in middle school
well, i am in the wrong place, it is just me and my dog
do you have any kids?
i read a lot of poetry, i like it
i like reading about the weirdest things
i like to spend my spare time reading
i love to hike, do you hike often?
i like hiking in the woods
yeah, i love spilled beans, especially when they are in the creek
oh i see. what do you do for fun?
i told you i am trans.
that is what i told you
well i am ready for bed
yes one of my friends will be fine tonight.
i am great and you?
i am a lead singer in a popular band. what do you do?
that is awesome! i have been studying accounting for my masters.
i am a calculator. i have never finished high school.
oh, that is alright, i am still single. my husband is also single.
that sounds like fun. i just got done playing with my friends.
i love going hiking on the weekends.
i am in the band, we don't play much.
do you go to the movies?
no, i don't. i am too young for that.
i love the city, but i live in ohio.
i have never been there. i am pretty upset.
yes, i like to go hiking.
it was a civic. my dad drove a big four wheeler.
i am sure he would love a camry.
good. just finished reading a mystery. you?
i love reading. do you like music?
i like to read mysteries. do you have any hobbies?
i am a professional skater. do you like music?
cool. i drive a truck for a living.
i am a professional skater. i was born in the states.
i have never been to hollister. i am in texas, where i have traveled for
i have always wanted to travel but have to eat chips.
ok, i have a blue truck. i am always looking for a place to go.
i like blue music. i like bluegrass too.
i have seven kids, i have five brothers and a sister.
that is great. i am sorry to hear that. i have a tail.
wow, that is amazing! my son is now a vampire.
that is awesome. what is your favorite book?
it was because i was a vampire.
i am doing well. just got home from working with my dog charlie.
i have two boys. i am going to school to be a curator.
no i am a stock broker but my brothers and sisters are siblings
oh nice. i am going to hairdress school, so i have 2 boys.
i am a stock broker, i sell stocks
do you have any kids?
i live in australia so i travel a lot
you have a lot of friends there
yeah but i like eggplant parmigiana, it is my favorite
i have a collection of vintage 50s decorations
i love the color of licorice and other herbs
cool, do you like it?
what was your favorite color? mine is red
that is cool too!
i am so young i think it was a lot of fun
i am doing great, just finished playing basketball.
i love basketball, but it takes a lot of practice.
i am a 22 year old girl, i want to be a doctor
oh wow! i work in the healthcare field.
i am studying for college to be a doctor
what college are you attending?
i am 22
i am not 22 yet but i have a pet dog named pedro.
i have a cat named shepard.
i have one friend and we watch movies together
cool! i love dogs and playing sports with them.
i am so sorry to hear that. i am a sucker for muffins.
yes i am. i like to hang out with my friends and play sports
oh i hear he likes to surf.
i think he does not like radar
yeah, i am doing great. how about you?
i am very tired. i have a cat and i sew for my family.
cool. where are you from?
i sew a blanket for my cousin.
i am sure you could make one.
i made a siamese cat and a bag of french fries.
nice. do you have any pets?
i do, i have a cat.
i don't. i do like my brother. he just got married.
i love cats, they are so cute
do you like cats?
i like playing board games.
sure. i like to play with my brother, he just got married.
i am well. just got done driving my truck.
i enjoy oldies music
i love mystery. i love reading books. what do you do?
no i am an assistant i work in an office
my family is big so i have to pass.
cool. i like playing racquetball at my old age
i like to go to the beach.
do you like barbeque?
my family grew up on a small farm, we had a lot of fun.
that is a great one. what do you do for a living
that would be cool. i will retire on my own, i just bought a truck.
that is great, i will teach them to love it
yes, they are.
i like to make friends and take care of them.
i work as a home health aide.
i love animals and have a dog and two dogs. i am a teacher.
i don't really have a favorite band. i like to read books. do you?
i read a lot. i am going to school for that. do you like music?
i listen to music when i am exercising.
that is great. my brother and i have a brother. they are 4
yes. my business is my own. what do you do?
what do you do?
i sell diet books. i am a vegetarian so i have no siblings.
no, i am a stay at home mom. i like to eat healthy.
you should try to make yourself a good cook. i am trying to make a diet.
i will make one for you. i am making it for my two parents
me too! i also do dieting for fun
i love to cook! my mom was always busy with my siblings.
i am sorry to hear that. what is your name?
my family has four of them. how about you?
great! i am sitting on my tree house. i am 40!
that is great! i am scared of the trees.
i am not that good, i build things with my hands.
i am sorry to hear that, i am so sorry to hear that.
it seems like it, i don't know what to do anymore.
i have always been worried about the environment.
i am sure that is very true. do you have any hobbies?
i sing folk songs and make my own clothing
what kind of clothes do you make?
no, but i do make clothes for a living.
do you have any favorite color?
that is great. i am a nurse.
that is cool. i am a father of two sons.
she was a good mom, she made a lot of money.
i just want to build more things with my hands.
i am going to go for a meal... i am a baby!
i am gonna read about europe! i love it. you?
so what do you do for work?
no, just read a book about it.
i have been thinking about going to a blanket store.
where are you going to go?
i will remember that. i am sure it will be nice.
i would love to visit europe. i have been wanting to go there.
no. but i have heard of the history of the country.
i have been there once, but have not been to europe yet. i am in love.
i have a donkey, i have a cat and a bird.
that is awesome. do you have any pets? i have a dog.
how long have you been in the military?
i don't have much time, i am currently looking for work.
i don't work. i am a travel writer.
hello. i am doing good, just got home from hiking. you?
i have a little sweet tooth. my kids are not very good.
i love dogs. do you like them?
no. i run the dog obedience school. it is so fun.
i like to go camping with my dad.
cool. i like to dance at the club.
i like to dance with my feet on my back.
do you like metal bands?
i love candy too.
i also love to take photos.
that is very cool. do you like to hike?
i get bored too often.
it is not so much surprise me.
i don't like drama either.
what do you do for fun?
i am good. just walking my dog
i am good. do you have any pets?
i have a dog, i don't have any other pets
i write romance novels
yes i am a lawyer.
i write romance novels and i am writing a novel
anything about being a lawyer, what are you up to?
i write romance novels and love to travel
i love that genre. i have a lot of fun.
i have, i have been writing mostly romance novels
that is cool. i like dogs too.
i like cats but they are very dangerous
i have a name max, what is yours?
lucky cat, do you have any pets?
cats are cute. my dog max is a little shy.
i like to eat oreos, my favorite animal.
i am not dieting, i am just eating pink floyd, my favorite.
oh, i see. i would rather get out in the sun and surf.
i have a boy and a girl
oh. i don't have any pets, but i do have a dog.
i have a cat named stinky
do you have any nails?
i love cooking
i don't have a car but i do have a friend who does.
cool, i am a 14 year old trans boy
my dads is an auto dealer. i am a bit of a hippy myself.
i like him too! i am only 14.
i don't want to go to college
no i don't want to
you know that sounds like a good idea
hi there, i am doing well, how are you?
pretty good. i am just finishing up my blog.
i am sure you feel better. i am afraid of heights
that is so sweet, i have always wanted to be a lawyer
i am a lawyer and have been for about 5 years
i am interested in animals, what kind of animals do you have?
i believe in animals too. i am not religious
i run a fitness blog. i am a competitive body builder
i like dogs too. do you have any pets?
i love to sleep with my little sister and i sometimes sleep in the night
i live in oklahoma so i get to exercise
nice. i live in the forest with my little sister.
indian. its a very diverse culture.
i am 45. i am from the us. how old are you?
how old are you?
wow you are very young! what do you do for fun?
i want to be an actor, what about you?
i am a restorer. my job is handy
yes i would love to be an actor. i love pink floyd
what do you do for a living?
i am a classical music teacher
i like to shop for vintage cars. i love antique shells.
i like pizza, i am a huge pizza person
i am allergic to shellfish so i try to avoid them.
i like to hunt deer but not kill them
that is cute. i like to eat sushi and shellfish.
i love the rice and it is so good
i have never heard of sushi, but i love it.
i am great thanks for asking. how are you?
i am getting my nails done
that is nice. i am a big girl with big hair.
they are so good they are in my mouth
that is pretty amazing. i also have a huge garden.
i love gardening, but i am on a diet now
i agree. it helps with the pain.
i have a garden now. i grow herbs in it.
i grow flowers, like stiletto. i have 6 and i love to travel.
what is it like being on the beach?
they are so fun. they help me stay active and outgoing.
i have a large carrot that i grow in my garden
that sounds like a fun experience.
i am ok, thank you for asking. how are you?
i am good, just got back from a long boat trip in new york city
i am fine, just got done surfing, how about you?
just browsing the internet. what about you?
i am a fashion designer, i would like to get out more.
yes, i am, i am moving to new york city next year.
i am 5 ft. tall, and i am also short.
i am just a good son, and i hope you have a good life.
i hope to have a band soon. what do you do?
i am excited about the new york city to be a part of.
you must be very excited! i will be on the radio in a few minutes.
a band called the gremlins. what about you?
that sounds fun. what do you do for fun?
i am a student, what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. do you have any siblings?
i am single and i am going to school to be a fashion designer.
i am a college student. i work as a lawyer.
i am so sorry. i am a student. i stole a jacket from my best friend.
no, i have not. i have just got to get back to school.
oh wow. what happened?
cool. i am not a big lawyer, i am more of a student.
i think i would love that.
oh that would be interesting. i am actually in court today.
i cut a deal with the judge.
oh wow that is so cool.
i thought it was just a case of someone stealing.
that is okay. i am going to college to pay for it.
i did not. but my best friend did.
i am doing well, just got home from a visit to my apartment.
oh okay. i am going to camp in the mountains.
nice. i teach kindergarten.
i am in nyc, i am a teacher.
that is cool! i am a teacher. i love art and taking walks.
i draw, i love to draw
i am a kindergarten teacher so i understand. i also have roommates.
what is your name?
i bet, but i teach kindergarten.
maybe you can take a job at the local library
i agree. i am too busy with school, i cannot afford to.
that is great i have been out for 3 years.
that is true. people don't have the same abilities.
i think i am a weirdo in my own way.
i like to collect things. what do you do?
do you have any pets?
not really. i am alone.
yes i do, i love to build stuff
what do you do for work?
i have to do some things myself
yes. i like being single and alone.
yes, i hope you are able to tell a story about it
yeah i drink water during the holidays. i also drink water during the holidays
i used to drink the water but now i am trying to build a house
i work in a delivery company.
i do, i build things with my hands
wow, i am not married and don't have kids
that is awesome i love cooking
i love cooking. i have always wanted to be single.
no i just don't know.
hi, i am a student, but i am hoping to go to college soon
i am in college right now
nice to meet you, i love my girlfriend
no i am a petite turtle
that is nice. do you have any pets?
i have a turtle named timothy
do you work? i am a lawyer.
i am a lawyer and don't think you have a career
what do you do for a living? i am a student in new york.
i am a white male. i live in bora bora.
i love to travel. have you ever been?
i have been to bora bora, but i am staying in bora
i love saudi arabia! i have never been there.
great, i am great. just hanging out with my cats and dogs.
that sounds exciting! i have a big family and love to hunt polar bears.
no, i am not a fan of bears. do you like music?
i love the outdoors. i have always wanted to study science.
you should listen to him. i am an animal lover.
i do. i am an arctic explorer. i want to return to the Arctic.
that sounds interesting. i have 3 cats and two dogs, hiking is my favorite activity.
do you hike or just go to the ice shelves?
i am a student, i am not good at math.
i do. it is hard. do you like winter?
my dogs and cats are the best for that.
i hope they find a new place. i hunt for polar bears.
that is good. what do you do for fun?
well, it is an adventure. i am in arctic duty.
you are missing out! what is the worst thing you have ever done?
hi there! i am good. just got back from my last vacation.
do you have any pets? i have a dog and a cat.
i am going to wear my blanket right now
that is good. i love the cold weather. i love taking my 3 dogs for walks.
i love the outdoors, i just have to take charlie for a walk
yes, and it is a wonderful way to raise a pet.
yes, i have a dog named charlie
that sounds like a good time
i don't really say lol
i am employed as a teacher, what about you?
i am a stock broker.
wow that sounds like a rewarding job. i have three cats and two dogs
i have never been to australia, do you travel?
hi i am doing well, what are you up to?
that sounds like a lot of work. i am a baby boomer.
i like music and running
i am going to be a baby boomer, like my dad
no i am not, i am a musician. i play guitar
that is great. i am an american, so i am not a singer.
my dad was a cop
he was an officer in the military.
what kind of music do you like
i like vietnam. it is my favorite.
what do you do for work
i miss my dad, he was a great country boy.
what kind of music do you like to play
my parents used to sew in the army.
i love animals i love animals
hi, i am a lawyer and a student. what do you do?
i have never been away from the state i live in.
i am 37 years old and i am still in high school
i am a junior. i love it. i am in law school.
i am still learning i am a lawyer
yes i am. i go rollercoaster every chance i get
i love them, i have never been in love.
well, i am not too bad at planning things for the future.
i like to travel to exotic places
oh no, that is not fun.
oh wow that is so fun.
it is, i love it. do you have a dream?
my girlfriend and i are adopted. i am so excited
i am good, just got back from a long hike.
i love hiking. i also enjoy riding my bike
do you like hiking? i go to the woods a lot.
i love wooded trails. i love to go out and play jazz music
i love blue hen, especially when the weather is nice and the leaves are not greasy.
oh, that is very sweet. i like sweet food but i hate it.
yes, i love sweets! what do you do for fun?
oh wow, i have never been to blue hen.
i like to spend time with my boys and hike.
oh that sounds fun. do you have any kids?
how many kids do you have?
i am studying to be a lawyer.
i like dance. what is your favorite thing to do?
the office is my favorite, and i am more of a jazz person.
i would like to get into that. i am a accountant.
sure. i have a brother named lucy. he is my brother.
i am happy to have pizza.
i don't. i am too busy working at my office.
i work as a registered nurse at a pediatric hospital
i work as a secretary. i graduated from college last year.
that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
it is. i just get to work in the office.
that is great. i like to watch one tree hill.
i am a church person. i was a soccer player.
i am a catholic too. i pray for others.
that is a good profession. do you like sports?
i do! i am a girl. i love being a boy
i am a member of the soccer team
that is cool, do you have any hobbies?
i have a home, but i am always out of work.
hi i am doing well. just teaching my kindergarten class. you?
oh, i see. i love burger king, what about you?
i am just hanging out with my kitten
that is cute. i have a pet dog. he is so cute.
i am a kindergarten teacher. i am terrified of them.
that is cool. i got my masters in education.
its going great thanks for asking
i am a single mom so i dropped out of high school.
i live in a crappy one, i only save up for my cat
i am sorry. i am in a fast food job, its just me and my cat
i am a kindergarten teacher, but i am a teacher too
that is a lot of kids. i have cats so i have not had a cat since i dropped
i go to school. i just moved to a new place
i don't like to go out with friends, i am too lazy to do that
i have to eat lots of food to keep my mind off food
i am good. just got done with work.
what do you do for a living?
i am a freelance writer. what do you do for a living?
cool. i am currently taking college.
do you like to write? i love to write fantasy books.
i am a huge reader myself. i read a lot of novels
i love to read books about dragons.
i do. i read a lot of fantasy books
do you go to college? i am currently in college.
i am going to be taking a test
that is fun! what do you do for fun?
yes i am i am sure they are
that is cool. i am a huge fantasy fan.
hi. i am jim. my name is sam. what do you do for fun?
my name is sean. what is your secret?
i am not sure i would tell you. i would love to.
yes, i love to cook. i have two large dogs.
that is good. i am going on a trip to the grocery store.
do you like crackers?
maybe, i should think about that
it is not that expensive, but i am lucky to have two big dogs
what do you do in school?
that is great. i am a college student
oh, well i can take you on adventures with me
i like to go shopping and buy stuff.
you should get one too. i love frisbees.
pretty good. just got done with a manicure.
that is good. i am going to be a marine biologist.
you should
i am a biology major.
i am. i swim for my job
i am not, i am a marine biologist. you?
do you like the soaps
i attended the university in the us.
cool! i love to garden. i like to garden too
i am very studious. i think i would like that.
no. i work in a factory.
that is awesome. do you like it?
what do you do for a living?
i am a marine biologist. what do you do?
that is cool what do you do for work?
i live in california
i live in edris island and my sister is from there
that is nice. i just have a cat named christine
i don't have any pets. do you like cats?
i have to admit that i don't like cats. i am allergic to them
yes i am a mixed race girl
oh i see.. i like to watch movies.
i like dogs and cats but i love my sister ralph
nice... i am a carnival girl
did you dance with him?
do you drink scotch? i love scotch
i just knew that was the way to go.
so you have a lot of fun. do you drink?
lol yeah it is good. i love it
i drink scotch to relax.
i am a real estate agent. i am not a fan of white people.
i am great, but i work out so much, i spend most of my time working out.
i am an environmentalist. i have been there for 12 years.
i work at a horse ranch. i love working with horses.
i love horses! i have two. they are in their kindergarten class.
i would love to go out with them.
i live on the farm with my two children.
i am not. i am too busy working out to get a degree.
wow, i bet. i bet they make a lot of money in that.
i like to cook, but i am more into cooking.
that is good. i like to eat healthy.
what do you do for work?
very cool. i am a real estate agent. i am a scientist.
oh i like music too.
he was a young man.
just watching the lord of the rings. you?
i have never seen them before!
yeah i work part time as well. what do you do?
i am in a position of power. i like to party.
i work for a fantasy company.
cool. do you like music? i love the grotty stuff.
i am not a big fan of it. i love fantasy
i am a rock singer. i have been to rock festivals and bands.
i am not sure, do you ever hear of the lord of the rings?
do you work? i am not. i am a nurse.
i am from the west coast. i have a big fantasy fan base.
i am in florida. i am the lead singer in a popular band.
that is good. i like fantasy music.
i am sorry. my mom and dad are too. she is always up late with my sister.
wow that is a lot of fun.
hi, i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. just got home from playing poker
wow that is awesome i only got to play poker once
i am not sure i have many friends
that is nice i am so excited for the day
yes i will be 21, i will not let you do that
yeah i guess i have to get used to drugs too
i need to work on my money, i am a carpenter
well maybe you can have kids with a couple of kids
well why not?
well that is interesting to me, i am not sure what that means
i am doing alright. i am working on a painting
i love it, i only have it for breakfast
yes i do i am a carpenter for a living
i love animals. i love animals too.
i am good, how are you? i am good. tell me about yourself.
i am a singer. i like to sing karok.
i am a teacher. i am in choir, but i don't like to sing.
do you have any pets?
no, i don't but i love animals. i love animals
do you have any allergies?
do you like italian food? i love it
pizza is my favorite! i have a few friends who eat italian pizza.
well pizza is what i teach to troubled teens. do you like it?
i like to sing karok and paint with my friends.
i work out a lot too. it is hard to stay in shape.
i have never done it. i should try it sometime.
i paint portraits of my former students
i am doing well. just got home from visiting a zoos.
that sounds fun. what do you do for work?
i am a red cross volunteer. i love visiting zoos.
i don't like my dad. he is a cat person.
what is your favorite color? mine is green.
it was because my dad got mad. did he do something wrong?
that is not it. i am rude
not rude, he just wants to sleep with me. he is not a cat person.
i understand. i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
she is a very sweet woman. and yes, i love onions!
i love onions too! i love italian
well, i was wondering if you could tell me a little bit about yourself.
i am a woman, but i am a woman
that is not cool. i am a woman too and i am pretty fat
yes, i am a red cross volunteer and i love her
i am good how are you
i am good. just got off work and just got off work.
that is a shame. i don't like cats.
i am a junior in college, so i am really into gardening
i am sure you are right. i am a 14 year old trans boy and like cats too
no i don't. my job is boring though
do you have a dog?
i have a few dogs too. do you have pets?
i have a cat. i love cats but hate cats
i bet you have a lot of pets
i have no favorite type of music
i am sorry. are you married?
i listen to music alot
i do. but ohio is the state. where do you live?
i am a very introverted kid
i am a little obsessed with halloween. i am so excited for it.
do you have a farm?
i love animals too. i am a dog lover.
i grew up on a horse ranch. i love cooking meals with food from our garden.
i love to eat a good vegetarian dish.
that is good. i also like to work out.
i don't. i work at a local advertising firm.
i am an old man. i like to teach my horses.
i am a commercial assistant.
i am a horse trainer. i have a lot of horses.
i work as a receptionist.
i like to cook. i cook a lot.
i love movies. i want to do that in my spare time.
i am good just listening to some music
oh cool what kind of music do you like
some kind of stuff that i am not familiar with.
cool. i work in a warehouse
no, i am in school and my two parents are not around much.
what do you do for fun? i lift weights
what did you say?
yes i lift weights.
i lift a lot of people
well that is a bad thing to do.
yeah that is not the focus on my kids
lol what do you do?
no, but i can still do that!
i am a total bodybuilder, but i am very tall
lol i bet you are a tall person
hi there, i am just visiting my brother and sister. i am in the church
no i am working as a cashier at mcdonalds.
what do you do for a living?
i am currently working at a mcdonalds, but i am looking for a different job
that is not good. what do you like to do for fun?
i hope you are not so lucky.
i live in new york and i don't have a home.
i went to mcdonalds and loved it there.
is he a chef? i love fried chicken!
are you going to get a car?
i don't like sweets. i don't like to eat them.
no pets, just cats, i have 2 of them.
they are small snakes. i don't have any pets.
i am not married. i am not looking for a boyfriend
why do you not get out of the house?
hey there, i am good, just got back from working. how are you?
i am a makeup artist at a local art gallery
yeah i work in the delivery department. i am happy being single.
i have a couple. do you have a lot of fish?
okay, where are you from? do you have pets?
do you have any hobbies?
i like to exercise and work out
i like shopping and collecting vintage 50s decor.
that is sweet. i also drink water.
i am an avid dieter
not really. i am single and don't want children.
what do you mean by being single?
i go to the gym a lot. i need a gym membership
i am doing great! how are you?
i am great! i am in college studying for my education
oh, i am a nurse, i teach nursing.
that is cool i am studying to become a nurse
i am only 22, what do you do for work?
wow! you have a lot of friends. i am a 22 year old girl.
that is nice. i have a teddy bear, my favorite
that is awesome! i love rap music, what kind?
i love country music. my favorite is red, i love listening to it
i love to play sports and hang out with my friends
i play sports too, but i also enjoy reds, but i would rather go to the court
i play basketball and like to hang out with friends.
i live in new york, where i am from.
you like snow? i don't, it is so cold out there
it is. i like the warm weather and the color green.