i am great. how are you?
i am good. just got home from dance at the club.
that sounds like fun, i am enjoying my favorite season
i would rather eat and post selkies than eat.
i am watching the new season on television
i was just watching a club.
i am not sure. i like it.
same here. i live with my big sweet tooth. i have one.
yes i live in bora
my sweet tooth just ate cake. did you have any pets?
do you have a frisbee?
i love cakes. i have a sweet tooth, i like to bake too
i have a sweet tooth too, i will take my turtle to bora
what color is your house?
yeah bet they do lol
i am fine. just thinking about my three guns and my family
that is good, i am a good dad. i am a good son
my family lives in the city, so i take the truck every sunday, its my favorite time
that is great, do you like cars? i used to drive a jeep
i have a gun and love to hunt
i love hunting too. my only leg is my ford
that is cool. i am a devout churchgoing hippie
i used to go fishing with my buddies, but now i am a fisherman
i love fishing, i go to church every sunday
i like to do that too. it is very rewarding
i am not too conservative so i like to fish
yeah life is good and you can do anything
i don't have time for it though, i am more conservative
i am retired, so i have to work a lot
well that is good. i am always at church, after sunday.
i work as a nurse at a nursing home. you?
that is cool i work in advertising for a local hospital
i do. it is nice. i love helping people.
i have always wanted to travel, i just learned about the world.
awesome! are you an animal lover? i have two dogs and a cat.
no, i don't. do you?
i don't. i do have a dog. i love him.
wow, i am in advertising. i have a job in advertising
i live in california. i have a bike ride to relieve stress.
oh cool, i grew up in north dakota
no, i am not. do you know any religion?
i am an angel. i am a missionary
i don't really have a religious thing.
i am not religious but i do attend a mosque
oh cool. i like them a lot
hi! i would like that.
i would love to have a horse if i retire
i don't really but i do drink water.
i have to drink some sugar.
no, i am single and alone.
oh that is sad. what do you do for work?
where do you work? i am single.
i am sorry to hear that
i will try it maybe later
it is a lot of work but i like to hose my feet
i try to relax with it
i think the advice is good
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that
i am ok. my left leg hurts
i don't know where they are going
i am great. i love animals and dogs. you?
i don't, i like cats, i don't like exercise.
cool. do you work?
i am homebody, i love it. i have 4 kids.
how scary! i am afraid of heights!
i don't. i like watching movies and tv.
i like to watch movies and tv
i like movies and tv. what about you?
i work as an attorney and love to travel
i am not very sociable. i like being around people more
well i am born in oklahoma i live in oklahoma
oh wow! i am sorry to hear that. i am great with you
i love animals and have two dogs
i don't like heights. i am more into my homebody.
what else do you enjoy doing?
i am good how are you
i am doing great, just got back from a day at the office.
what do you do for work?
i am a lawyer for a living
nice. i am a pediatrician
i am a dog lover
my dogs are very friendly, so i can not do too much.
you should run in a big city
it is really good to be outside and enjoy your life.
i have to admit, i am not religious, but i do like to travel.
i live in the midwest. i work in the pediatrician office.
i live in oklahoma, i am not religious.
do you like jazz? i love it.
i do love that. i am sorry to hear that
i like jazz i like the blues
yes i do. i have a dad and a brother who are both in college
oh, i love my favorite food. i collect vintage 50s decorating.
oh wow! i bet you have fish in your aquarium
i have a golden octopus. it is amazing!
i don't have any. do you have any hobbies?
i have never heard of that, my father is a huge fish eater.
my father and brother love the modern style of dance.
i am going to school for that. i am getting ready to start my diet
i am glad you are happy
i grew up in a small town in my hometown
i am only 6. my dad was not allowed to be in the military.
i am twenty and i am hungry
yes. i am a big fan of it.
i am hungry for that food
yeah, i bet that is healthy.
i am sorry to hear that. i am only two years old.
yes, i have two sisters. what do you do for a living?
how long have you been in school
i have never been back home. i am looking for something different
i am going to law school. i want to be successful
i am not sure what i want to do. i am hoping to be a leader
what do you do for a living?
yes. i am going to have to work for it. i have a dead end job.
that would be very difficult.
i am only a kid but i have a great aunt who was a great mom
yes it is but i am older than you
it is. i am looking for something different. i am looking for a job
that is not illegal
i am sorry. i am looking for something different
thank you i need to do something
i am good, just eating some meat. you?
i am fine, just drinking scotch.
i am a bodybuilder, so i am eating a lot of meat.
oh wow! i eat a lot of meat.
i like to eat a lot of meat
i like to do stories like that.
me too lol. i eat lots of scotch.
oh that is a good name for a child
my mom is a secretary and i am a bodybuilder
i have a dog.
i have a dog named ryu
do you have a job? i work at a shelter
i am a bodybuilder.
i write stories for a living
i like to eat lots of meat
hey, i am good, just got back from hunting.
i love the outdoors. i love hiking, i enjoy the solitude
oh. i am in cali, i have a classic car.
oh that is a fun job. i do accounting.
that is nice, i work as a handyman.
i am a single mom, so i am pretty busy.
oh no! i am single.... i am allergic to shellfish.
i am single too. my husband is not around much.
i would love shopping, i am saving up for a new car.
she loves shopping! what kind of clothes do you like?
she is a classic car, i love classic cars
i love pink too, and i love hiking in my spare time
what is your favorite color?
hey there, i am just reading a mystery, you?
i love mystery books. i like reading the bible.
i enjoy reading mysteries as well.
i am learning jujitsu but i still don't know how.
so what do you do for a living?
oh, i would love to be a teacher, i love jujitsu.
i have been working a lot since i was a kid, so i get to do what i love
oh, i see. i wish i could run to relieve stress.
what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
that is cool, i am still learning how to do it.
i go to the mountain a lot, and i love it.
that is awesome. i am a huge ed sheeran fan.
thank you. i like the church.
i am a teacher, i have to teach you some jujitsu.
i am not sure, i don't know what i am trying to do. i like karate
i am a big fan of them.
oh wow, you are wildcats fan? i am a fan too
i am homeschooling my child and i am allergic to cats lol
well i am allergic to cats, too. lol.
i live in a small town so i live in a home.
cool. where are you from?
oh cool. i hear that. i live in a small town.
i think so. i have a rock hall in the area.
no, i have been to the craft store.
i like to play games with my friends.
i like fallout too, it is my favorite.
i just saw him play in the lake.
i live in the small town of ny.
where are you from?
no, i did not see the movie there.
i am great. do you like nature?
i am watching simple plan.
what is your favorite band?
yes. i am watching the youtube video.
i am in the pediatric hospital
that is interesting. i am a kennel cleaner for a local animal shelter.
cool! i am a catholic, i love that religion.
that is cool. i am searching for a job.
i love pizza, its my favorite
lol, you are right. that would be bad.
you could imagine.
well i am a soft sleeper for my boss niece.
i am a vegetarian so i could make you a pizza
hi, i am joe. i am a single mom of two boys.
i work in retail. i am a clerk at a clothing store.
oh. i am single mom, i have 2 boys.
i bet you have a turtle. i like to go to the beach with him
i don't have any pets, i live alone.
that is good. you like it?
yes i am, i like to hike in my honda civic and hike in my spare time.
i like to hike but i also like to wear boots
i like to wear my honda civic to relax.
i love meeting new people. you?
i am more of a hobby. i am currently trying to get into accounting.
i am happy for you. what else do you like to do?
it is a lot of work, i am a single mom of two boys.
hi i am great and you?
i am doing good. just finished painting my carpenter cabin
i don't like the water. it can be hard to get out of the water.
that is not bad. i am more of a carpenter than a teacher.
i would love to play that game. i love the sea creatures and my tail.
i live in an apartment with three kids.
very cool! i have a long tail, so i cannot fit on my boat.
i don't. i am just a boat builder.
i could. i would love to go into the sea and be a mermaid!
oh wow, i am sorry to hear that. do you have any siblings?
i think so. i love her.
so you have two kids?
wow. how old are your husbands?
i am from canada, do you live anywhere?
i am in new york city. i want to move to new york city.
i am a young adult and live in canada
i am 19 and i am a fashion model and actor
cool! i am a college student. i like to work out and code.
i like to surf and skate. you should be in the army too.
i am in the navy. i am really into coding.
cool. i am currently in new york city. i don't go much.
yeah, i am working on my computer design business.
i am a fashion model and i need a raise
no, i like to play ice hockey
oh cool! i enjoy skating. i skate for fun.
nice, i am a cod student
i could. i have been skating since i was a kid.
i like singing too.
i am fine, just thinking about the pain in my left leg
that is awful. what happened?
i hope so. do you have anything else to do?
i am cooking dinner and you?
oh that sounds fun. i just made a dinner for my horse.
i am going to take my wife and kids to the restaurant.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that. my son wants pizza.
i don't let my son make the choices.
wow! that is so lucky.
yeah he loves pizza. what is your favorite pizza?
that is good.
i am happy for you. i am a carpenter so i don't have many friends.
i am retired. i like to ride horses.
i am a carpenter. i am working on building a condo
oh cool. i bet that you enjoy poker more than i do
i like to listen to music and fashion
what do you do for a living?
i like to skateboard sometimes.
i enjoy playing bluegrass, but i don't like chips.
you must be a good student. i want to be a designer.
i am a skater. you?
oh, i bet that is hard. i am a fashion designer.
no i am in school now
i wish i was alone.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that
i am sorry to hear. i would love to meet you.
he said so, but he was a preacher.
thank you. that is always good. i am sorry i did not get to have my best friend
no worries. i am a barber.
what kind of hair stylist do you work?
oh i am sorry i am a huge fan of big dogs
i am sorry. i could make some cheesecake, but i am not happy about my weight.
i can cook a burger and a dog.
do you have a favorite holiday? i love christmas!
my husband cooks for me. i love cheesecake.
wow that is a lot of cheese to eat!
i don't have a job, so i don't have time for fun.
we have to get away from each other, i am alone
well, at least he works. he works for the company.
that sounds like a fun job. i want to be a chef.
about 5 years. i work nights and weekends.
we are very close. i have three dogs and a wife
i am a chef and husband works nights
i have a cat named lucy.
wow!!!!! i bet that is alot of cats.
i am retired, so i am still working.
that is awesome. i am going to have to take a walk in the park next year.
do you have a favorite licorice?
that is cool. i have a bunch of friends.
wow. that is great. i don't know much about banking.
i have been dating for 10 years now, and they have been together for ten years.
that is great! i am currently studying to be a banker.
yes, but i am sure that they will be different for different people.
that is great. i am going to work out today.
i will. what song?
yeah, i am going to walk around... to my uncle.
i drive a ford truck. what do you do?
i like the band jane jones. i play guitar!
nice! i am a super happy little kid
nice! i also like to go to church all the time.
my dad was a cop. i was in a lot of tough situations.
you can say you are very conservative
i like animals too. do you have any hobbies?
i like church every sunday
that sounds like a good time.
my family lives on the corner from me, so i have to work.
i like to run. i like to run in the woods and relax
i also go to church every sunday
i like to eat but i am not very good at it.
you would be a pretty great one! i just like thinking about it.
what kind of ideas are you trying to create?
i am doing very well, how are you?
i am well thank you. i am studying to be a lawyer.
cool. what do you study?
my major is law, so i am hoping to become a lawyer.
i am not sure if i can handle it. my dad is in jail and i hate him
i am sorry to hear that, i am sorry.
i am going to go visit my mom soon to see sea shells.
well, i don't know what that is.
i am not sure. i don't get along with my dad so i try to stay out of
i have never seen it.
well that is why i am going to test the product, what is it?
so you are not a real lawyer? i am a lawyer
i am sorry. i don't get along with my dad. he is a judge.
i am sorry. my dog is max.
i am sorry to hear that. i have been at the same job for years and i have been
i am good do you have any pets? i have a dog named kitty
i am doing ok. i am studying for my german exam
that is cool. i have three dogs
i have 2 dogs, they are the best.
i am old enough to be older than you
i am 34. i am in school for business
i went to the local restaurant
no i did not go there. i am an environmentalist.
that sounds like fun! i am glad it is over
i would rather have a holiday do you have any
it is christmas, i am not sure i have ever been
what do you do for fun
do you have any hair stylist jobs
yes i am a 40 year old college student
i am a hair stylist. i need to be done with my kids.
i am doing great, how are you?
i am great, just got back from zoos.
blue, i am really shy, i build models and stuff.
i like to visit zoos, and i love teddy bears.
i like video games, i am more of a videogame type.
i am a huge fan of kool! i love the color green.
my mother is a medical doctor so i am more into building models.
wow, that is really cool. i am a nurse, so i don't have many hobbies.
i don't have any zoos, but i love animals.
no, i have not been to a zoos in years.
i love cats. i would like a pet.
do you play any instruments?
awesome! what kind of dog do you have?
i did not. i don't eat bacon.
no, i don't eat meat! i am allergic to it.
yes! i don't eat anything sweet.
i do. i am just listening to some rock music.
i am not into hiking but i love to go to the movies
i bet. i try to stay in the right place.
i like to camp, but no. i have a camper van. i like to hike too
yes. my mother works in healthcare. she does not like to go camping.
that is too bad, i don't like to work
i don't have time for much. i work at a hospital.
that is pretty chill. i have to watch a lot of tv
i don't have any kids, so i spend most of my time outdoors.
i am a professional athlete so i am very organized
what do you like to watch?
i am getting up early and i do crafts
oh wow. i am a singer. how old are you?
i am allergic to cats, but i don't eat them
oh my! i like horror films
that is cool i like to make crafts
nice i work as a professional singer
i live in a small town in the middle of nowhere
i love horror movies and would rather be singing
what is your relationship like?
i am an accountant.
that is great. i like music and crafts
i sing about horror movies. i love horror.
that is awesome what do you do?
if i could i would like to be the head of a power grid
hi, i am well, how are you?
i am good. just got back from school.
yes i am a lead singer in a popular band
i like music but i don't really know what that is
i like classic rock and country
i am 5 foot tall and i like to listen to music
i am about to start my short life
i am 5 foot tall so i am overweight
my father was a truck driver. my mom was a nurse
nope, but i have 4 sisters
i am the lead singer for a popular band.
no i am not in school
that is nice of you i don't have any siblings
yes i am in school
i like to watch tv and listen to music
hi, i am well. just playing with my dog. you?
i have 2 dogs, one is a hound dog.
i like to be alone, but i don't have many friends.
i work in a car dealership, but i love the beach.
yeah i sell cars to people. i don't have many friends.
i am sorry, i am glad that is over. i am just a regular guy.
i am sorry, i drink a lot. that is why i stopped.
i hate my parents so i guess they don't think i am good at socializing.
i see. i used to be friends with people but i stopped after 5 years
do you have a job?
yeah, but it is so fun to play
i bet. i bet. i would love to smoke some cigarettes
well i guess that is good for you
i am not really responsible. i like to do that.
lol that sounds like it has been hard for me to remember.
i am doing great. just got home from work. you?
nice. i have a dog and am glad you have him.
his name is pug and i am 5 feet tall
do you have any pets?
he is 5. he loves muffins so much that he eats them everyday
i have a dog named paul
i do, but he works as a nurse.
what do you do for a living?
i don't. i am a movie buff.
yes. i love the classic cars. i love all the mystery
i like movies about technology.
i do. i like them.
what else do you like to share with others?
i would love to share my restored classic cars.
that is cool. i am pretty broke.
i am doing well, thanks for asking. i am tired.
nice! i am doing great. i work for a company that repairs cars.
the hospital. i am unable to work due to a disability so i am unable to work.
i am a professional restorer, i restore classic cars.
i love country music, but i am unable to work because of it.
i listen to gospel. i am an aid to people
i like cooking. i am able to cook a lot but not as much as i would like.
cool, what kind of car do you build?
i like classic cars. i am also unable to work because of a disability.
i like classic cars i like italian food
i love seafood. it is good for you.
i like to eat anything that is not shellfish
i like fried foods but i don't like to eat them.
i am very good at it
i like to go to the beach with my friends
i am good. how are you?
i am homechooling my child. how about you?
i am just doing my night owl thing.
yeah, it will. what are you up to?
you should try reading karok. i love it.
it is hard to make anything
i like to sing karok, but i don't sing much.
i like to go to karaoke with my kids
oh yeah? that is good. it sounds like fun
i would love to do that but i am homeschooling
oh wow. that is a lot of energy!
it is. i think i will be a homebody. my son loves it.
no, i don't, i just want to be friends with him.
are you married?
that is a long time. i bet it is rewarding
i like hiking and camping. what about you?
i like to eat lots of meat, i am a bodybuilder.
i love to go fishing
what are you going to do when you catch fish?
i have a sister and brother. you?
i am a bodybuilder and work as a secretary
she works at the local hospital. what about you?
oh, what about you?
i go camping with my brother and we go hiking and camping
that is really cool. i am a bodybuilder so i am not very athletic
no i am too scared of death
that is too bad. do you have any siblings?
i do too. do you like music?
i also like to play guitar, but i am not a guitar player
i like to go camping and go hiking
good. just finished shopping for clothes.
i am in the right outfit.
i am really into ginger. i love them.
what kind of clothing do you want to buy?
i am a nurse so i am doing great
i love the color navy navy
i am sure that you will enjoy it! what is your favorite thing about me?
i have two boys and one girl
no i don't i am so close with my sister
i love kids i love them
no i don't have any i don't have anything else
i am very romantic
no i am single now
i would like to be a nurse but i cannot get a job
yes i love it! i have been shopping for clothes.
i am good, just got back from the beach, i love the ocean
its not that cold here but its too cold here.
not so much but i am a popular celebrity
what else do you do?
what is your favorite subject?
i blog about rabbit rescues a lot
cool, i am ready to go
i am not sure if i have a boyfriend
i do but its hard to know if i will be in public
yeah i know i am a competitive body builder
what color is your hair?
black. i am a bit of a black eye guy
i don't have one yet
i like them a lot
my favorite book is the robot
i am doing fine, i am doing fine, how are you?
i am good, just enjoying a large garden.
i love to cook for family
i like to garden. i teach biology at a college.
that is wonderful to hear. tell me a little about yourself
i am a biology major, currently teaching at the college
i work in the delivery industry. you?
that is cute, that is awesome. i love being a cute animal.
yeah i work in the u. s.
oh, i am sorry. i hear they are cute.
i just go to the gym a lot
i also like to go to the gym.
i don't want children so i drink water
i have a gym membership
i would not say it does but it does work. i am single
i am good, how are you today?
its been great. just finishing up my children. how about you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am a single mom. i want kids but not right time
i am a teacher and it takes me a while.
i work at a fashion agency, but i want to be a fashion designer.
i am not sure what to do with fashion design school. i am a cook.
i love to cook, but i have to make sure i make sure i eat right.
i love the classic recipes.
i like seafood. do you like it?
oh i don't think i could cook it all. i love to read.
i love to steal. do you?
that sounds like a lot of work. do you have a favorite artist?
i will try it. my best friend took my boyfriend in high school.
that is very weird. are you able to reach out to them?
yeah i do. i don't know anyone who has been with my boyfriend since high school.
i am great! just got off work, i run a dog school.
that is nice! i just had surgery.
i love dogs! i have a sweet tooth, but i would rather be on the dance floor.
you must love dogs! i have two. do you have any pets?
that is a relief! i also have a big sweet tooth so i get to run the dog obedience
i like to hike. i am into nature, too.
i like to eat sweets.
i have never been to the us. i go to france.
i am going to make a selkies for my kids.
it is so nice. i eat a lot of sardines.
i make sweet potatoes, sardines, and other desserts.
i never had a chance to get into acting, i just retired from high school.
that sounds like a rewarding job!
i am a yoga instructor and i get to practice my yoga skills daily!
that is true. i work out so i can get some exercise.
i play video games on the weekends
not really. i work out a lot.
oh okay. i am a bodybuilder too. i don't workout much.
no i am a vegan
do you like animals?
that is interesting. my dad is a vet and my brother is a vet.
no, i am from california. i am from california.
i am in a horror movie. i love that movie
no, i am not into rap, but i love playing video games.
cool! i have a gig in a local punk band.
i am not sure. that would be great!
who is your favorite character? i have a cute face.
how long have you been married?
no, they are waiting to see me.
that is a good thing to have.
hello, i am an accountant. i work in ohio.
that is cool. my relationship with my husband is too romantic.
do you have any hobbies?
i want to be a doctor someday.
cool. i also like to hike and take walks.
i am not good at hiking. i would rather be a doctor.
hiking is fun. i love hiking too. what do you do for a living?
i have a camera i will use for that!
yes! you could sell them to the world. do you like to hike?
i am going to go to university next year. i want to be a doctor.
that sounds like a lot of work. i am an accountant.
it is, but i hope so. do you have a dream?
my two boys like to write. i am also a single mom.
good, just watching some movies with friends.
cool! i am a professional skater. i work for hollister
i am a biology major in college
that is great. i play hockey.
do you skate? i love skates.
i like bluegrass music. what do you do?
i like bluegrass too. do you have a skateboard?
cool. what kind of parties do you like to attend?
i do. i love chips.
i like bluegrass. i love chips but i prefer chips.
it is good too. i like pizza too.
i love pizza too. what kind of pizza do you like?
i have not had the white sauce. do you like alfredo?
i don't know. i have never had it.
do you like party food? i like to party
i am good. just got done hunting with my brother. he is a secretary.
i hunt, i am a big believer in restoring classic cars. you?
i love old classic cars. my brother is a secretary. he loves meat too.
i bet. do you own a mansion?
yes. i work on houses and apartments. i build houses.
i am a business owner, but i am not sure i am a realtor.
oh, i want to be a bodybuilder. i am a secretary.
i love it. i am allergic to shellfish, but i love hunting.
it is hard to deal with people. so many different things to deal with.
no, i don't. i have a brother who lives with me.
what do you do for a living?
oh ok, i am sorry to hear that. do you have a family?
i am. i have no other family.
i am close with my family too.
what do you do for fun? i like to eat a lot of meat.
i am fine. just running around.
oh that is funny. i am a little tired. i am reading to my kids.
i like the trees where i work
that sounds nice. i like to cook
i like pizza its my favorite
my husband and i enjoy a good meal
yes i do love cats
do you have any brothers or sisters?
yeah i am a bit afraid of heights
i am a teacher and i teach kids to read
so what do you do for work?
do you have a job?
i am sorry i am sorry i have to watch one tree hill
you should do something else
oh i am not sleepy either... i work as a registered nurse
i am great! i am just going to school.
i am a gardener and a teacher. i have traveled 6 countries.
i am studying for my art major. i love flowers.
its just a huge greenhouse and i am taking it over. i am a biology professor.
i enjoy collecting vintage 50s decorations. i am going to hairdress.
do you travel often?
yes, i have been to a lot. i have been to many places.
i have never been to a place like that. do you like driving?
i am so busy with school i don't have much friends.
my favorite place to visit is the country. i have traveled all over.
i love granola, but i am always hungry.
that is a nice discovery. do you have any special interests?
wow. i am going to hairdresser school to be a surgeon.
at a college. i teach biology at a very cool college.
i am a biology major at georgetown, what about you?
i am doing good, how are you?
i am well. just came from the beach
i enjoy the beach. i love the color blue.
that is a good thing. i am a teacher, so i have to work long hours
i am an artist, my kids like it a lot
i am a kindergarten teacher. i love teaching kids.
oh, i am learning. i love mysteries. i also love reading.
i have a few i love books
i grew up on a small farm, but i love reading mysteries.
i teach them about animals, do you have a farm animal?
do you have any favorite foods?
i love blue too! i go swimming every day to see what is there.
oh, nice, tell me more about you
i like to drive my convertible mustang
that is wonderful, my seven children like the convertible
good morning! i am currently looking at the bible. what are you looking for?
oh wow, i am in college. i am a grad student.
college, i am going to auburn to be a doctor.
that is so cool. i like to spend time with my 2 dogs.
i don't have dogs, do you?
do you have any medical problems?
no idea. i want to be a doctor. what about you?
what do you do for a living?
i think he wants to race me!
ahahahahahah. that is a great idea! i will be a danger to my life!
well that is not fun. i hope you are happy.
i have been a good parent. i wish i could not have kids anymore.
i am sure you will. it will be hard.
i just try to stay patient, it gives me hope.
i am sure you will! what do you do for fun?
well, i am just working on a new office job.
nice! i am studying to be a college student.
i am a secretary. i like to write music and bake
i want to teach math, how about you?
i love sports! i am also a soccer fan
i do. i play sports and play basketball
i am more of a soccer ball player
oh wow! i think it is a team sport
you must be very excited! i like candy
i bet it was. i could teach you cpr and rap music
thank you! i love candy.
it is a great time to be alive. i am trying to do something fun.
i love candy too! i love candy!
oh no! what is your favorite food?
i don't care about that. what do you do for fun?
i am 34 years old and live in mississippi
i am 32, i am the oldest of four boys
i am in college at university of mississippi
that is a good one, i am an only child, i just turned 34
yes, they are. i work for a real estate agent
wow! i don't have a job. i am a mom of two girls.
that is cool, what do you do?
i clean and shower at home every day
do you have a lot of work?
you should. i am an environmentalist myself
yes. i am an environmentalist, i have been teaching for 12 years.
i am a history buff too! i write books for a living
i guess so. but i love the novel.
i agree. i love the stories of tae kwan do
i don't know about the aztecs. they are the worst.
hello, i am a huge fantasy fan
what do you do for a living?
i like fantasy books. but i am a huge fantasy fan.
that is good. i like to watch office shows.
i am a huge fantasy fan so jazz is great.
i don't like tv
what kind of animals do you have?
i love the book, it is a good one
i think it would be about me. it would be about me.
what part of the world do you think avatar is from?
i like blue people, that is why i write fantasy books.
i like to go to the airport and watch movies on the plane.
do you have any collections?
i like snow and ice
i don't know what that is, i am working on a fantasy book.
i am good and you?
i am good. what do you do for work?
i am a pet assistant at a pet smart
i love animals and i have a big family.
i have a cat named paul, but i don't have a cat
i have a sweet dog too, a husky named katie.
oh what do you do for a living?
i am a kindergarten teacher, so my kids love to swim too.
that is cool! i teach children
yes he is, he loves it
what kind of kids do you have? i love to run
i run to stay in shape. i am a fitness fanatic
i am very large and nervous
you must really love to swim in the ocean
i am not very much into swimming but i do enjoy it.
i am good. i am just working on my job.
great! i am a junior at a university, so i just got back from shopping.
cool i am wondering if you could do that
i have a volkswagen beetle but i need to get it fixed.
i love new people, they are so sweet
i am a senior in high school. i want to go to uc.
that is great. i hope you are a great one
i am going to uc for the first time.
i love fall too. i enjoy walking turtles
i am getting ready to go to auburn to get a taste of the fall season.
wow! my parents are living in bora
i am sorry to hear that. i am going to auburn to study frisbee.
yes i do, it is my favorite
i have not seen them in a while. do you like them?
they were afraid of me because of my pet terrier
i am doing great, how are you?
i am doing well. just got back from a dance class. you?
i am a singer. i am a teacher.
i am a teacher and dance
nice, i am currently working as a teacher
i like dancing and singing
my mom teaches at usc. she is a teacher.
i am sorry. my parents are both dead.
my mom is a teacher and my dad is a farmer.
i am from edris island and i love it there.
oh wow, i am obsessed with horror movies! i love to watch them!
i am into children and i am a fan of the children
what is the theme of the movie? i love the kids.
that is a good one
what is your favorite fan?
i am good. i just turned 18. how about you?
i am great. do you have any hobbies?
i do. i am going to be an actor.
cool. do you have any kids? i am planning a wedding.
i went to school for graphic design. i am a pink floyd
i am a huge fan of watching rush
i like music, but i prefer my life to be a cat person
that is awesome. i am the only person in my family that likes pink.
i love cats. i also love pink floyd.
i have a pet rabbit, a poodle.
well, i don't think i am an animal lover. but i do love my pink floyd
i don't have a bad attitude.
they can be. i have a dog named pink floyd.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing well. just relaxing. what are you up to?
i am a delivery woman and i work a lot
i am a pet owner and i work in an animal shelter.
i work in the delivery industry
oh cool i am a kennel cleaner, i don't work
yeah i am. i don't like it a lot
do you like animals?
i don't know much about people. what do you do for a living?
i like to eat healthy. i have a soft spot for my boss niece
i am also a huge drinker. i drink water, i am happy
i am a vegan and am more of a stay at home mom.
yeah it is. i drink soda a lot. i am also a pretty active person
what do you like to do for fun?
not really, i am single and only single
hi! i am great, how are you?
i am great, just finished reading a book.
cool. i have a tree house. do you like it?
nice! i live in a big tree house, so i have never been out
no, but i am still a male so i don't want kids
wow that is a great relationship
i have a husband, but i work full time
how old are you? i am 30 and working at a grocery store
that sounds like a great idea, what do you do for fun?
i don't like it, i don't like it
yes, i am sure you can find a way to get my ex out of my life
what is she looking for?
i am sure she will be pretty awesome
i am busy, just busy with my kids
he is such a cool dude.
no, i prefer to do my own thing. i am a freelance artist.
that is so cool. do you have any kids?
wow! that is a lot of kids
it is. i grew up on a small farm. i love reading.
oh wow that is awesome. do you have any siblings?
i hope your kids don't get your toes!
i work at a museum, do you like museums?
that is awesome! i like to paint blue. you?
no i don't. i am a leader
that sounds like a fun hobby. i like to read.
i can. i am an artist, it is fun
that is a lot of stool.
you could do a lot more
that is really cool. do you have any kids?
i know, i am an artist too
i am doing well. i just got back from hunting for a polar bear.
i am good. just got back from a concert
nice, i love karaoke, it sounds fun. what is it called?
i have never heard of that. i don't know what the polar bears are.
i like it. i am in a big group of arctic explorers.
i have never had a dog. i don't like dogs.
oh, that is ok. i love dogs. i have a dog named maroon.
i don't fish. i would rather sing karok.
i learned to fish when i was younger, but now i am a geologist.
oh wow, he is a geologist. i am sorry.
it was. i have a lot of fun with it.
i am in the army. i was not active before high school.
wow! i am sorry to hear that. i have lost my job.
that is so cool. i think you are right.
i understand. i am always learning new things.
i am working, i am cleaning up my old classic cars.
i love romance books. i love watching them while reading
i love classic cars. i restored them when i was younger.
nice. i also rent a car for my kids.
that is a great job. i am a handyman, so i spend a lot of time on
i work on the kitchen. i want to be a chef.
what kind of work do you do?
that is a lot of work, but it is worth it
no, i am not into cooking. i am a chef, and i love it.
i like to cook and also enjoy romance books and movies. do you like to cook?
i love fish. i like shellfish but i am allergic to it.
i am a pet owner, i don't mind that.
i have a pet cat named luca.
oh i am sure you don't mind dogs
oh, that is good. do you have any hobbies?
i am great. i have 2 dogs and a cat
i am good just got back from watching ultimate frisbee
awesome. i have two dogs and one cat.
dogs are great! i have a turtle named timothy.
i am an attorney, i am afraid of heights
i am a cop, a cop, a cop.
oh nice, i like heights
i think they are in disneyland.
i will do anything i can to get you a job.
well i love to ride my car to the top of the mountain
i am from america and have lived there for 2 years
i am not as good as you. i am from bora bora.
no, i am not. it is a plan
i don't like the beach
yeah, they have it
i am fine, just got home from home.
i am just getting off the bus
oh, i am just feeling lazy, i am homechooling my child.
it is a little late, i have to work now, i need to work
i am a homechooling home teacher so i spend most of my time doing crafts and home schooling
that is cool, i am always busy too.
it does but my kids don't like it
i am sorry to hear that. my brother just got married and he has a pet cat named a
wow that is amazing. i am homeschooling my kid and they will love it.
oh wow i hope you can paint my cat arizona.
not much. i am making crafts and homeschooling my child.
that is great! i am an accountant.
it is, i like to go to classes and get up early to do my homework
that is really cool i like to read biographies
oh wow that sounds interesting. i have not done that yet.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am good just got back from class
i am doing okay just listening to the situation
what classes do you take
i am in high school
that is cool. i am hoping to be a teacher
i am a teacher myself
i would love to be a teacher but i am still in college.
what is your major?
what do you do in your free time?
i spend most of my time at school, trying to get through the day.
i love music, i love watching the classic rock band do you like them
i don't listen to much music, but i love all types of music
cool. do you like music? i love old school ed sheeran.
i love old music but i really like new music
yeah i would love that
what do you do for a living?
i am an interior designer.
that is great. i would like to be a veterinarian
it is very rewarding. i have not been to a nursing school.
i work in the healthcare field.
that is cool. i have to work out.
she is. my dad was a nurse.
oh i see. i have a son and a sister.
yes i do, i am interested in questions
do you like to chat?
i like to hike and camp
i have to work out to get the exercise.
i go to the ranch. i drive my huge truck
i love hiking and camping, especially with my dad
i am doing great! i just finished iced tea. you?
that is nice. i like to paint in my spare time.
i listen to country music all day long.
i like country music too. i work in a grocery store.
i don't have a passport, i live in canada.
i am from michigan.
i love to dance.
do you have a favorite artist?
what is your favorite thing to paint?
it is nice to have time to paint and to do what you love.
what do you do for work?
i am in a small city so i have to work.
that is cool. what do you do for a living?
i don't have much time for that, i am just a busy person
what would you do if you could?
i am doing great, how are you?
i am good. just got married, just finished reading a biography about her.
i am a huge beer drinker, i am drinking a lot of beer.
i just graduated college so i am more busy
oh, i was hoping to be a carpenter.
i am in marketing.
wow, you are a genius! i have a husband and three kids.
no, but i do have a few friends.
i don't. i play poker. i have a wife.
do you have any calculators?
i am very honest, i am not much of a reader.
no, but i am quite fond of biographies.
i like all genres. what is your favorite book?
interesting. what type of books do you read?
i like traveling and travel stories about famous people.
i am watching a horror movie. i am watching it on youtube.
i am just watching a horror movie. i am not very good at it.
i lift weights to stay in shape, but i am also a big guy.
i am not in college. do you like soccer?
oh wow! where did you go to college?
what do you do for a living?
i am a truck driver, i am in the construction industry.
i am a college student. i am trying to find a job.
i am so big. my fiance is my best friend.
that is cool. do you play any sports?
that sounds like a lot of fun! do you like to eat a lot of barbecue?
no i am too short for soccer, but i like soccer.
what do you like to cook?
i am married. i am going to be married for the next couple years.
oh. i want to be a writer.
hi there. i am a web designer. i am a young adult.
nice! i work in a snow department.
i don't like the snow either. i love it!
what do you do for a living?
i design web pages.
cool! i am a junior in college. i love it!
no, i am currently residing in california.
i am staying in wisconsin. i will be leaving soon.
you should move to new york. you like snow?
i am moving to a small town. i am packing for work.
i would love to move south, but i am not ready to move yet.
i am in texas, but i have moved here.
i drink iced tea. i enjoy it when i am not coding.
i love bbq. what about you?
i like bbq but i am not very good at it
i don't have a problem with that i am clumsy
i love trying new restaurants. i would rather play racquetball
i paint them i am an artist
what do you do for a living?
i work at a research facility. my job is cleaning out cages
what hobbies do you have
i paint houses, that is what i do
what do you do for a living?
i am thinking about retiring soon
do you like driving?
i am a junk food junkie
i am really tall and athletic
i am also very confident
i am doing well, just finished drinking a scotch.
i am doing good just finished making some pizza.
you must be very busy with my dog training class.
no, i try to keep them at bay.
i used to work at a carnival but my job was to keep an eye on them.
that sounds exciting. i like carnival and dancing.
do you drink scotch? i do.
i like to go to the club, i have a big house.
i love to drink scotch while i watch them.
i do. i don't have any pets.
i don't go clubbing. i have a dog but i am afraid of dogs.
no i don't. i have a dog. he is a big sweet tooth.
what do you do for work?
i am doing well, thank you. i am going to go play softball and sing.
i travel a lot. i have traveled overseas as well.
i like to chat with people. i am a social worker.
they are very talented. i am good at it.
what a weird job! i am a white boy so i don't know.
i love to play the violin. what do you do for fun?
i like singing in choir and playing softball. what about you?
i was in high school. i was a rocker in high school, and now i am in
i am in a program that trains troubled youth.
i love chicken! i love my steak too!
what is your favorite food? mine is italian
i have never tried mexican food.
i don't really like people but i do like their style of music.
i don't know what that means. i have heard stories about british folk.
oh, well that is true, i am glad you are in the presence of these kids.
i am doing well, just got off work. what about you?
i am doing well, i just finished graduate school.
wow i am a biology major. i have been studying for my masters.
yes i am doing a lot of partying though
i am in college, so i have been studying for it.
wow i just got my major. i went to college too.
i don't travel much. i live in the states.
that sounds interesting. do you have heard of it?
i don't really like it. but the sound of it makes me sad.
you are welcome. i am going to go to university.
i love board games. i am just a hobby of mine.
i bet you do! i am going to be a marine biologist.
i like to have my pet cat named arizona.
i have a dog.
cool. i just got married in vegas and he is in the air.
i am good. how are you today?
i am good. just home from homechooling my child.
oh nice. i just got home from my daily swim.
i am from italy. i am homeschooling
where do you live?
that sounds exciting. i hope you are having a great day.
i would. i love italian food.
i do. but my cat is allergic to cats.
i am in the middle east.
oh wow, i am from the east.
i live in the south and i love it.
you were born in pennsylvania? i am in new york.
yes, i have always wanted to do it. i have a huge family.
it is not, but it is a problem
i want to travel too. i could use some money.
my kids love me when i cook and they like to cook too!
i am. i am single, so i don't like kids.
i am not married, but i am happy for my wife.
wow, that is amazing! i sing for my model show!
that would be cool, i don't know how to make it. i do have a huge family
i do, i love vegetables, especially broccoli.
i am a republican, i am proud of my heritage.
i am. i am a white male, i don't like being in the spotlight.
i am proud of my beliefs. i am not a liberal.
i do, he is calm and kind.
i would say the alternative is good. i am a republican so i am more of a teacher.
i don't work, but i do get paid to sing, and i do it on the weekends
i think reading is a great hobby.
i don't have any particular interests. i am single and want to be an actress.
that is interesting. do you have any siblings?
i am well. i am going to work tomorrow. what about you?
i am cold!
what are you going to do?
what kind of artist do you like?
i sing a lot. i am a model.
i don't have a kid, i am too tall to care for anyone.
i am a model but i live with my parents
i am single but i work with animal waste
that sounds interesting. i also like painting
i am a model for a new type of artist.
oh. that sounds interesting. do you work?
i am a bit busy with my projects.
i am trying to get some work online and work on my computer
what do you do for fun?
i would love to get a cat
i am just relaxing with my wife and kids. you?
i love swimming too! i use to swim when i was a kid
i love swimming too! i love to swim with my wife and kids, and the ocean.
that is awesome! i enjoy it. i work at my own business
i have 5 children. they are very big.
what is your favorite thing to cook? i love to cook and cook for the ocean.
do you go to the beach a lot?
i wish i could have a mustang! i want to own a big family.
do you eat healthy? i do.
i do, but my husband does not like to work out
what do you do for a living?
that is too much time. it is nice to have spare time
i love reading. do you have any kids?
my husband makes homemade meals to make me feel better
i do, but i also love to cook. i am more of a fitness fanatic
i am doing ok just taking a ride with my horse.
oh no! i am a cat person. i have a siamese cat.
my leg hurts so bad i just lay there.
i am retired. how do you like retirement?
i am. i have a horse that i ride on.
oh. i am retired too, i sew, and walk miles.
i like music, i love to listen to music.
i love to make crafts and crafts with my friends
i take pictures of my horses
that sounds great. do you have any hobbies?
that sounds like fun. i also love horses.
i am a walking horse. i have to walk a mile to get to it.
i walk a little bit a lot. it takes me a long time to get used to it.
that is a lot of miles. i would like to go a little bit farther
i am a little hurt because of my knee.
i am joanna and i work from home
i am well, how are you?
oh, i have been to switzerland and my horse is jerry
i like to go shopping for stuff.
that is awesome! i like to sing and watch horror films
i like going to the park and watching ultimate frisbee
i love to watch horror movies. what do you do for fun?
i like to go to bora bora to meet new people
no i have not but i don't want to say that
i have lived there for 10 years
i graduated from usc in 2000
that is awesome! my girlfriend is in bora too.
my turtle shells would be a nice name.
i am good, thanks for asking. what do you like to do for fun?
what is your favorite food? mine is sushi.
do you like to do blue hair?
i love all vegan food so i eat it all the time.
you are a vegan? what is your favorite food?
what do you do for work?
do you have any friends? i have a best friend
i like rap music. do you like music?
i love the rap music. music that is really cool
that is cool. i have always wanted to be a better person
yes i am. i am homeschooled
what is your favorite food?
you are a very nice person
that is awesome! i am a hair stylist. you?
i am a big man and lift weights every weekend.
you are a very good person! do you have a job?
i like to eat pizza!
i am so scared of scary movies.
lol! i love pizza, especially the burritos.
oh i love barbecue, its so good!
my brother loves watching teams play haha
i love the Patriots. do you have a favorite team?
i am a college student
nice! you must be a big guy!
i am pretty big, but i am a pretty good athlete.
that sounds like fun. i am in the gym every day.
i am good! just got back from a nice chat with my favorite girl.
i just got done getting my nails done. you like beach?
i love pizza too. i am eating my favorite food today.
i also eat pizza while i am eating my nails.
i am a vegan so i eat mostly pizza
i love the beach. i love the ocean.
that sounds exciting! i am in public so i cant see my face
i wish i could! my brother is so cool! he is my best friend!
i hope so! i am so excited for the future!
you should teach me to love the beach. i teach you to love the beach too!
i am glad i can
i am glad you like horses
i enjoy reading paranormal romances
i am doing well. just finished writing a short story about a carnival
i am a model space ship builder. what do you do for fun?
i like to read. i am a freelance writer, but i am afraid of dogs.
that is okay, you should take a computer science class.
oh cool. i work for a carnival.
that is awesome! do you have any elephants?
no, i did not. i went to a circus and drank scotch.
wow!! that is really great. i am very shy.
i would love to have a coasters dog, but i am afraid of dogs.
i am not afraid of dogs. do you have any pets?
i used to work with a dog.
i have a dog and a poodle.
i drink scotch to relax.
yes. i like scotch. but they are not as thirsty as i am.
i can not drink scotch. it will not help me relax
i love skating, but i am 40 so i am not very good at it
you should listen to bluegrass music. it is my favorite.
i like bluegrass, but i have to concentrate more to be able to do that
oh, that is sad, i am in school so i have to do that.
yes, i am a builder and i love to build things with my hands
that is sad. i don't know what to say to that
yes, but i am too busy building things to do much
i am only 40 and still don't have any hobbies
that is sad. i am sorry to hear that
i am glad you did not. i think it is a sign of weakness.
that is funny, i am 40 years old
i was in a band that played bluegrass
how old are you now?
yes, i had a tattoo of my tail in the hospital
no but i am a male and i get a lot of tattoos
i am good. i am in south korea.
i have never been to south korea. i am wheelchair bound.
i am twenty years old, and i am serving in south korea.
i am a priest. what are you doing?
i am in the army. what do you do for a living?
i am in the army. my leg is a little out of shape, so i am a little
yes, but i hope you don't get into a fight with me.
i was a regular soldier. you?
i am in korea. what about you?
i served as a vet. you?
no, i will never. what about you?
i am a soldier. i am a veteran.
i am in college. i am in the army.
that is unfortunate. i am sorry to hear that.
i am a veteran. i am a very violent person.
its going good. just got back from my hunting trip.
i am working in an animal shelter as a kennel cleaner
i am a truck driver and i just got hired
i am a kennel cleaner so i don't get much free time
that sounds like a fun job
i play the drums in my band
do you listen to music?
i play the guitar
cool i work at a company that lets me restore classic cars
i am also a kennel cleaner
no i don't but i do like to go hunting
i do, i love it
it pays the bills pretty well
i like to annoy my boss
sounds like a good movie
i am doing okay. just got off work. what do you do for work?
i love cooking, i want to be a chef
i don't like food. i don't eat anything sweet.
i am so nice to you
thank you! tell me about yourself!
i am single and i don't like dogs.
i am from new york. i don't have a family.
i wish i could do that
well, i live in new york.
i am in ny, and you?
i live in new york. do you like it there?
oh wow, wow, that is a lot of work.
yes, but it is a great place. what do you do for work?
i don't know what that is
i don't have a date. i am a single person.
i do, do you? i have 3 sisters and i am the lead singer of a popular band
i bet they do. i have been scared of the nasty environment
that is a good thing to be honest. i am the lead singer in a popular band.
i like to party with my foster cat, she is a stray.
i am a singer. i don't like being outside.
i play the folk songs at a party. i sing in a folk song
i like country. i have to party when i am not playing.
cool, i listen to folk songs on occasion. what kind of music do you like?
i am a college student. do you live at home?
that is great. i am an army nurse.
i know. i am a dreamer.
i like folk music, i like the songs
i listen to banjo and listen to your band.
maybe. i will make it a few years back.
i am not very good at it. i am the lead singer in a popular band.
i am doing good. how about you?
i am great, i just finished playing with my team.
the dolphin! they are my friends! i love to explore with them!
i live in the city. i just got done with my diet.
my dad is in cali. i don't live here.
yeah it is really cold here, but i love the beach.
no. i like to explore. what are your hobbies?
i like horseback riding. i am a farmer.
i am in school, but i like to go out and explore.
i am 25, my dad has a car dealership
wow, that is cool. do you have a car?
yes i do, i have a house
i have a house, but i don't sell cars.
i am broke too, i have to eat now and shop online
that sounds like fun, i would love to go out and explore with my friends
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good, i just graduated and i am a college graduate.
i work in the city of mit, i am an engineer
i live in nyc, how about you?
i am an author, what about you?
i work in sales and finance
that is cool, i have been away from my parents forever
oh i am sorry to hear that
my parents were both engineering majoring in engineering, i am scared of spiders and snakes.
i see. i like soccer here in ny
it is very scary
yeah i have never had snakes
i am married but don't have any children
i am a college graduate
i like to be entertained
i am great, how are you?
i am good. just singing my favorite song.
i am 17 and a senior in high school
my dad is a farmer and my mom is a teacher
i am going to a university next year. i am going to be a freshman.
she does! my dad is a farmer so he can not help me though.
i think so. i don't have kids so i don't have time for shopping.
cool, i like scary movies. do you like scary movies?
a horror movie. horror movies are my favorite.
oh ok i like to call myself joanna
i would not mind a scary movie if i could scare you.
i am a professional singer. i am in school for psychology.
i am still in high school.
what are you majoring in?
yes i hope so... you will.
i play poker
i don't play, but i am taking a break from my daily work.
i guess so. do you like it?
no. i just play poker, i prefer the sheeran game.
that sounds pretty awesome. i am a teacher.
i do, i am an artist. i am also an ed sheeran fan.
oh, i am sorry to hear. i am a writer. i like to read poetry.
i love books. i am reading to relieve my stress.
that is cool. do you have any weird stickers you collect?
i have a collection of shells.
i have never tried different foods.
i like lobster, lobster is my favorite.
i am always hungry for seafood, so i bought a tuna sandwich.
i love lobster. i like the ginger and wine.
i don't drink alcohol either, i am more of a tea drinker.
i am doing great. just finished writing my science fiction novel.
i read a lot. i am in business.
i love science fiction, but i don't like spiders and snakes.
my favorite is horror.
haha, that is a great one. i am a stock broker.
i bet there is a lot of stuff on the internet.
i bet it is a lot of stock!
i am a stock broker. i sell stocks. what do you do?
yeah, but i don't think i will ever get out of there.
i am glad you are okay.
that is cool. i am more of a science fiction fan.
that is cool. my brothers and i play the guitar.
i have a metal band, too. do you have any hobbies?
that is weird. i don't think i would ever use the drums.
i am not into drums. i like spiders and snakes too much.
i am great! how are you today?
i am good, just got done studying. how about you?
i am doing good, how about yourself?
i like to take my friends to the park.
in a car crash, my head hurt.
that is terrible. what are you going to do?
its ok, i am just so disabled. i am so busy
do you listen to music?
i love country music what about you
i like country music but i really like rap
i prefer country music. i am too lazy to do anything.
i am a college student so i don't have much time to spend.
i like to knit hats for babies in the hospital.
do you work?
yes i like to walk and listen to country music. you?
i am good eating muffins. you?
i am fine. i just went to school.
do you have a dog? i have one named pedro.
i am a mother of two kids. i have a lot of spare time
i am glad you have time to enjoy yourself.
that is cool. so you have family?
i think i am in it for the long haul. i like reviews
it is nice. my husband and i have always wanted to be big family
i want to go to film school and make my own cars
that is okay. i have never had a career but i do like it
i have not decided yet but hopefully soon
i love to cook and bake
that is good. how are you doing?
it is. i hope it is because i am an admirable person
you sound like a fun person
i am well. just got done drinking iced tea. how about you?
i am doing ok drinking iced tea
that is nice. i just had a chocolate chip cookie.
oh yeah that sounds fun
oh nice! i also code for a computer company
i am 32 and i am 34
i do. i love to code and write
what do you do for a living
that is a cool thing to do! do you live in a real estate?
i have done that for me
yes. i love it. what else do you do?
i use computers and online things
i love fishing!!!! i like to fish at the lake.
i am excited about my new husband, just got married.
that is good. i am going to cook some meat.
that sounds good. it was a nice day today.
yeah i am having dinner now
i play board games for fun
i like to hike and camp. what do you do for fun?
i have a dog named arizona. what about you?
that is cool i love animals too
i am a college student, but i am hoping to go back to school soon
i am a vet too, i am sick
i like to travel with my pet cat
i listen to music while i go hiking
i like music more than people
i like rock music and country music
i like classical music very much
i am doing good just got back from reading some paranormal romance. you?
you sound nice. i am a artist.
i don't have much time for projects. i work part time.
i am a trash man. i clean cages.
what do you do for a living?
i work at a research facility, cleaning my own cage
are you a waitress? i work part time at a restaurant
no i am an artist and work in a lab
you are a vet?
i am a baker and bake the pizza
its a chicken and pita with a side of cheese.
awesome! i am so sorry to hear that.
oh no. i am too nervous.
oh no, i am so sorry.
that is ok. i wish i had more time.
great, just finished working in a factory
good just got back from shopping
i just watched a television show about a buckeye team.
you should watch the game, i love taylor swift!
i love music, especially purple!
taylor swift! she is my favorite.
horses, i love purple. i am a fan of ohio state bucs!
i love purple too, too! i live in a big city, so i drive a lot.
i live near the water. i will not stand the water.
what does that mean?
my horse is not in my town. he is in a car.
i have two of them. do you own any?
i love cats, how about you?
that is cool. what else do you like?
i like the ohio state bucs, i love watching them play.
i am doing okay. just broke out of high school.
i don't get along with my dad, but i do get along with my coworkers
i dropped out of high school, just got back from the run.
my dad wants me to get a job, but i hate him.
i am sorry to hear that. i live in a pretty poor area.
i was at the farm when i was young.
i don't want to take my cats away
i hate my dad too. he is my brother
i am glad you are not having a family
that is cool. onions are good for you.
yeah, that is true. i am an only child so i have to stay home.
i am a runner, i am fit.
that sounds very intense. i like to run to relax
you must be very busy. i wish i had time for it.
why do you do that? i don't like to eat
i am doing well. how are you?
i am cooking dinner and you?
i am so excited to have my wedding ring
how wonderful. i am planning a wedding
no, they just wanted to see the park
i have a wedding ring
oh nice. i was on a trip to hawaii last week.
that is a great idea. i like it too
yes it was i am a sales manager at the store
i am a kindergarten teacher with kids, not much of a music person
that is a good way to keep you focused. i am a sales professional
that is a good one to have, i own a company
i am not sure yet, but i do have a cable connection
that is cool, i work at a kindergarten
awesome, i love competition
i am good, i just finished coding some new code for my computer
i am doing well, i am just dieting.
i am doing well. do you work out?
do you like to swim?
that is great. i like to relax and drink iced tea while i am out.
i have to keep a healthy diet so i can eat healthy, too.
i am a designer for a web site.
i am a kindergarten teacher. i love cars.
i drive a convertible too. i like to drive my truck around.
oh really? i have a huge family. i have a daughter, she is so big.
i hear that. i am from canada. i enjoy it.
i am from canada. do you like the country?
i don't blame you
what do you do for work?
i am in canada. i enjoy country music.
i am good, just got off work at the factory, i work there.
i am doing well. i am working in an animal shelter as a kennel cleaner.
i love animals. i love the purple of my garden.
that is cool. i am not a big fan of animals.
i love cats. what do you do for fun?
that is so adorable. i am so mean to her.
i don't. i watch a lot of television.
what kind of music do you listen to?
no. i don't have one yet.
i am more of a corporate person. i like it a lot.
no. i don't. i do work at a factory.
oh that is okay. i am sure it is busy.
that is nice. what is your biggest accomplishment?
i am fine. how about you?
that is good. i am a carnival fan.
that sounds like a good job. i teach kindergarten.
i don't have a kid, i am afraid of dogs.
i am a kindergarten teacher. i graduated last year.
i did not. i am in college now
where are you from? i live in seattle.
it is in denver. i like comics.
i live in seattle with two roommates. we have a room for a superhero movie.
oh i have not heard of that town. i drink scotch to relax
that would be cool. i just graduated from college two years ago.
i have never heard of that before
i work as a teacher. you?
i would rather not have to pay bills
no, i am not sure, i have a roommate who is in trouble.
i like rap music, do you like sports?
i also work in sales, and i love to draw and draw.
i am in college studying for a college education
i love my friends. i was hoping to meet someone.
yes, and i am the only girl in my class that does not have kids
i am not married yet, but i hope to soon.
i have always wanted to be a writer.
i design graphic designs for indie rock magazines.
i enjoy playing sports and hanging out with friends.
i enjoy graphic design.
i am in college.
wow that is a long time ago. do you play any sports?
i am in college studying. i have a band. you?
good, thanks for asking. i am listening to bach. what about you?
oh nice. what do you do for a living?
i am a engineer. i work at a local restaurant.
what do you do for a living?
i am a cop
yum! bacon is a good meat!
that is very nice of you
i am going to be in the army for the next five years.
are you in college?
i live in puerto rico, it is pretty amazing.
nice! where are you from?
i am sorry to hear that. i am from mexico.
i love eating bacon and jamming out to bach.
i have a younger brother, who is also in the army.
i am 30, how about you?
i am great, just graduated from college and have two roommates.
i am great, just drinking some karok, and you?
i just got done with school. i am currently a kindergarten teacher
that is cool. i like to teach, but i am a teacher.
i am sure. but i think it is important to be careful.
i bet they are. do you teach kids or kids?
i am a kindergarten teacher. i teach kindergarten, but i don't have a clear answer.
i love teaching, especially when i am not singing karok
yes it is. what is your passion?
i don't have a problem paying bills either. i am allergic to dogs
do you have any pets?
no, i am a vet. my mom is not part of my life
oh i see. maybe you are a cop or a vet?
yes, i have been in the army, and i love cats.
i am allergic to cats. what do you do?
hi, i am doing well thanks for asking
it was great, i am trying to relax after practice. i am a skater.
that is awesome, i have been skating for years, my brothers and i have been skating a lot
i love blue grass music, i love it too. what about you?
i don't have any. i do have a dog named charlie, he is my fave
what kind of dog do you have?
i have a brother and sister named charlie.
i had a tail that was removed when i was a kid, but i was a pro skater
i don't have chips, i like to eat them.
that is horrible, i think i have had a bad taste in my mouth
i like anything but eggs and pinto beans. what about you?
oh nice, what else do you like?
i think so. i love italian, especially eggplant parmigiana.
i am doing good. just getting ready to go play softball.
i am good, just finished reading my book about cooking.
wow. that is awesome! i love reading, especially novels.
i like to read and cook. what do you do?
i read the stories i can find, and i love italian food.
what kind of movie? i like cooking. i have never done a good cook.
i am a chef. i love the food and the cooking.
that is a cool hobby. i also have kids.
no. i am an assistant at a local youth center.
wow. i am a teacher. you are a teacher?
i am a teacher at a preschool. you?
what kind of program?
i don't know about that. i like to read.
hi i play racquetball. you?
i am a college graduate so i am addicted to sports.
i love ot play racquetball, but i am not looking forward to retiring in five years.
i play soccer, but not as much as i used to.
that is impressive, what do you do?
i am in college. i studied music in high school.
i am a administrative assistant. i will retire in five years.
i have two. they are 3 and 4.
do you play any instruments? i like trombone.
that sounds like fun! do you have any hobbies?
i will, do you like me?
i am single, my fiancee and i met in high school.
nice! i want to meet you too!
yes i am... do you have any other interests?
i am glad you are fine... i am a bit nervous about this chat.
hi tracy, i am good. i am good too. tell me something about yourself.
wow that is great. my wife does not have kids. she has lots of money.
i am a professional skater. i love skating.
that is so sweet. i am not sure i would want to be alone.
i have been married for 5 years. have you seen the bluegrass music?
cool. i want to do it again.
we play bluegrass on our weekends. i don't eat chips.
i like going to the raffle house.
nice! i have a guitar, but i am too busy playing skater.
yes. do you? i hate being alone.
i like to paint. do you paint a lot?
i am. i am not very good at it either.
i don't. i am more into skaters.
they are a handful. i am a huge builder myself.
i do. i am a skater. i would love to be a skater.
hi, i am good. how are you?
good just got back from riding my horse
that sounds fun. i like to listen to tim mcgraw
i like country music alot
i am a competitive body builder
that is great. i hope to retire someday.
thank you. i would like to color my eyes more, but i don't have a color.
i am a chameleon. i am the color of my soul.
yes i am. i am more of a bodybuilder
that is not good. i am sorry
i am very colored blind and live with my little sister
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am so mean
i am sorry to hear that. i ran a blog about it.
she is not so nice. i have a son
yes but i am scared of her, i run a blog about rabbits rescues
i don't, but i love pumpkin spice.
what is your favorite pumpkin spice flavor?
what is your favorite kind of pumpkin spice?
i like to go to the candy store to get candy for my turtles
that is cool... that is what my parents are saying. i am a good mom.
in bora. what is your favorite party?
i live in california, so i get lots of selkies
what is your favorite season?
i love clubs i like them
do you take photos of them?
i will. maybe i can send you some pictures of my new house.
i want to send some pics of my turtles.
i do love you.
he is a turtle named timothy.
ok, that is funny. do you have any pets?
i am good. just got back from a long day at the box office.
wow that is a lot of bugs
i hate bugs. i am so in rush to eat bacon
do you have any kids
no i don't. i am sorry to hear that. do you like bacon?
i have seven. i don't know what to do with them
i love bacon. i have a bacon sandwich at the restaurant i work at.
i like blue, its my favorite color
i don't have a favorite color, what is your favorite color?
i love the color blue. i love blue food too
i love green. do you have any other hobbies?
i love to read mysteries
i love to read, it helps me relax
i love mystery. i love them too.
i am not familiar with the language. i speak english.
i am good. just got back from a workout. you?
that sounds like a lot of fun. i am in advertising.
it is a very cool thing to do
its a sneeze reflex
i am a bodybuilder so i don't have to work out
i am currently studying in new york
that is awesome i am a doctor so it is hard
i like europe too
that sounds nice i am a bodybuilder i like it
i want to go to europe in a few years
i am from america but i am from california
that is awesome i would love to go there
no i did not eat any meat, i am a bodybuilder
that is good do you like healthy foods
it is good to have a job
great, just finished working on my book.
its going great, thanks. what do you do for work?
i am good. i am just reading biographies and just finished a book
no i have not. i have never read about him
i like to read biographies and play board games.
that is awesome! i am getting ready to go read some biographies
i don't read much of anything. i am a board game player.
what do you do for fun
i have a cat named arizona. he is my favorite.
i like cats but not on second life
i have a dog. he is a white lab.
i don't have one. i like cats
i am retired. what about you?
i play on the computer
that sounds fun. i love it.
that is cool. i am in texas. i just got my new computer.
my sister likes shopping and she is very close to me.
i bet! you should get a gift
i got a sweater for my sister and a sweater for myself.
what color shoes do you have
i got a pair of shoes, and a dress
oh wow, you are a very young person
i am 22. how old are you?
i am 20. i am a male, i am a teen
i am 32. i have just started my nursing career.
yes i have two sisters and a brother
oh cool, i love my sister. i love her too.
do you have any siblings?
i don't really like music, but i love classical music.
i like music too! i love to sing along with bach.
i do too. i make my own meals
you should try bacon. i eat it everyday.
pancakes, bacon, bacon!
that sounds good! do you have a favorite composer?
i do. i cook a lot.
that sounds like a lot of fun. i am an engineer.
that is good. what do you do for work?
i am an engineer, and i speak a lot of languages.
i speak english, but i don't speak french.
i speak the language of the dead. how about you?
i am sure you can. my husband runs his own business.
i love to exercise for long hours.
i am, but i am not a diet nut.
yes i am. i am a manager for my own business
do you work? i am a first time dad.
yes it is. i write diet cookbooks and i get to travel
what kind of books do you write? i love movies and tv
why would you do that?
that is cool. i just want to be the best
i will take care of you. i have 2 cats and a dog
i have a golden retriever named ginger.
i like my name. it helps me to exercise
i am so allergic to cats. i have seen the movie titanic ten times
i like ginger more than i do ginger
i have a pet, i have a golden retriever. do you have any kids?
that is a lot of things. what do you do?
i am okay. how are you today?
i am great! watching soccer on tv
cool! what team do you play for?
my team plays soccer. i am a college graduate.
i have three kids and they are all soccer players
how nice! i am married, so i will be your wife!
yes. my parents were both firefighters. we are both divorced
thank you. i am so sorry. you are a good person
i am divorced, i am in love now.
i am sorry. you must be really nice. tell me something about yourself
i am sorry to hear that, i am not sure what to do.
yeah, that is what i am telling you. i am a soccer fan.
do you go to the beach with your family?
i am in the city but i met you today.
thank you! i am in texas too. i pray for you.
i am doing great, how are you?
i am an accountant. i live in australia.
i love flowers. purple and red.
nice. i also grow springer tomatoes.
i have a dog named jenny.
that is cool. i don't have much time for pets.
what grade are you in?
i live in a very rural area. i am from the south.
i am in florida, near the city.
i am in montana, but i am in vegas right now.
i just came back from the factory.
that is nice. what do you do for fun?
that is a great place to visit.
i love the weather here. i like the cool weather.
oh no. i have purple dresses. i am afraid of water.
i am doing great. you?
yes i do. i am very confused about my own life.
i play on my youtube channel. do you watch other channels?
i am not sure what that is to be honest
i love to play on second life, but it is very much on the internet.
i am a pediatrician
i am twenty 8, and i am in the 21st century.
yes i have a few kids of my own
oh wow. i am also a 20 year old male, so i am into it.
it is. i am sorry. i am only a parent myself
oh i am sorry, do you live in england?
wow! how is she doing?
i am not sure if i should say that i am a big fan of second life.
reading is my hobby. i love to read.
i have a love for cats. do you have any?
i am great how are you
i am doing well. how about you?
oh cool, i am going to church tonight.
i am in puerto rico right now so i am looking for friends there
i am from california, so i moved to new york city next year
that is so cool i am a young guy so i try to stay in shape
new york city, i will be moving there next year
oh really? where are you from
i am moving to new york city next year, so i will be able to do a lot
i am not sure i would want to look that up.
me too. i like to surf and skate too.
oh no i am not very good at it either
i am a pretty bad person too
i like to drink and watch tv
yea i would rather be alone. do you like fashion?
my kids are okay. i have two kids.
i am female. how about you?
i am a man. do you have any kids?
i am a female, but i have a friend in chicago...
well, i am 35, and still a male
no. i just got a tattoo of a batista
wow! you have a tattoo? i love tattoos.
i like the arkansas version of it.
i have a knife in my hand.
yeah, it is on my back.
i love being still. i am a male.
no i have not. my two brothers live with me in chicago
do you have a plan for the future?
i have a few tattoos of my arkansas husband
yes she is an awesome role model.
i love making barbecue. i lift weights every weekend.
i ride horses. i am retired. i need to get a gym membership.
oh, you must be tall!
i am a huge horse lover. i have had a horse for years.
oh wow! that is crazy. i am big and tall, so i was always fit.
it is very painful. my left leg hurts a lot.
do you lift weights to lift?
i love riding my bike. i ride horses too
i don't work, i have to work. i work in a warehouse.
i take my teeth to my head and shave my face
what else do you like to do?
i am looking for another hobby. i am saving up for my retirement soon
that is good. i work as a warehouse man.
i want to shave my face and i have a beard
i use to shave my face. i would like to make my own.
hi, i am tired, i am reading, you?
i am a citizen of the united states and i am in tae kwan do
do you have any kids? i have 2 kids
yes i have kids and i am a champion
i would love to have children but i am married so i cannot
you can do rollercoasters with me i love them
what do you do for work?
that is awesome. i like to travel but i hate rollercoasters
i like to run and read
i am a teacher, i love teaching kids
do you like jazz music
yeah jazz is my favorite too. i like jazz too.
i really like utah jazz too. what do you do for fun?
yes he is. he is very passionate about tae kwan do, and he is famous
so do you like to sleep well
good, just finished studying law, and you?
what are you studying? i am not sure i like my classes
law. i am a student. you?
that is great! do you have any hobbies?
i have 2 more years in college so i don't have much time for school.
do you work? i am a nurse.
i have two more years in college i will be a lawyer!
no, but i do have a boyfriend. i am single.
she is my best friend. i have two brothers
i hope you have a good night!
i am sure she would be so happy
i am hoping to get a boyfriend soon!
yes i do i am a student
i wish i had time to focus on my goals
yes it will be
i am good just chilling with my friends.
i am great! i am a fashion designer. you?
i love mcdonalds and i love it.
oh, i like to have hobbies, do you?
i like to run, and i am very active
i don't know what that is, i am thinking of marrying someone
i am single but i am a stay at home mom
i want kids but not right time in my life
i live in a condo
i need to go back to school to get married. i want to be a fashion designer
oh, you are a thief?
yes, my parents were always gone when i was growing up
what is your favorite song?
what do you do for work?
i work in fast food and i love ketchup
i am doing great and you?
i am good, i am trying to learn how to draw and i am going to try anything.
that is good do you work?
i am from the usa, but i am in texas. i like hiking and camping.
i am from oregon. i go to church every sunday.
i like to eat different types of food. i like to draw.
i really like to try new foods when i am not working
i like new foods. i like weird ones.
i hope so. i am a stay at home mom so i am always busy
i am a teacher. i love it. i will try it once.
i like to go to church a lot
that is nice. i like to get a hangout with my friends
that is weird. i have a lot of them
i am well, i just got disabled, how about you?
i love to garden. what do you do for fun?
that is cool. i am a big fan of hats
i am a biology teacher at a college and i am a huge fan of hats.
i love the food i have been to i love to cook
i have not yet, but i am sure it will be interesting.
that is cool i am a vegan
it really is! i love eating vegan food.
i am an engineer, i love it too. i also like to cook
i am a vegan so i can help people
just because i am unable to work right now
i love meat, so i love to eat it.
i don't like meat. i don't eat it.
my ex wife does not like being still.
that is a shame. i have to get out and do my own thing.
i used to do that too.
sorry to hear that. i have to be careful. i like to play poker.
that is not a fun game to play. i don't like poker.
i don't like sitting still either. i have a wife who likes to paint.
i am 40 years old and have a house full of kids.
since i was five, i have not had a bad experience.
that is good. what do you do for a living?
its a rewarding career. i have a wife and three kids.
i don't think that is true, i hate being still.
i am. i am not allowed to be creative in my work.
i guess that is a good thing. i would not want to work in that field.
i understand. i have not heard of a rumor about that.
i am 40 so i am looking for work in the city.
i don't like college sports. i don't really like the color blue.
oh my. i work in a factory. i love robots.
that is nice. i live in california.
in the states. i work at a factory.
oh, i live in california, i just moved here last year.
that is a big water area. it is so cold here
no, i like water and i love to fish
i love to garden and garden for fun
i am boring but i don't care much
yeah i work for a factory so i am scared of it
i am always at home, but i also like to have to spend time with my friends
do you dye your hair?
do you have any hobbies?
blue is cool. that is what makes me happy.
i don't like water either. i live in california.
i am doing very well, how about yourself?
how are you doing tonight?
that sounds fun! i like to read, but i am too busy playing video games to read
i don't know. i was in a plane to travel
nice, i can play any genre i want. what are your favorite genres?
i have a large garden, so i love all kinds of veggies
nice! i am a musician on the weekends. i love to listen to music
awesome, i teach biology at a college, i teach it there
you have to do homework to be accepted into the school
what do you do for a living?
what do you do for a living?
i love the different parts of cali
yes i do play video games
i teach biology, i love to travel
do you travel often?
i am great, thanks for asking. how are you?
i am doing well, what do you do for a living?
i am an interior designer for a company that makes strange items
what do you do for a living?
that sounds like a lot of work! do you have any hobbies?
i like shopping for clothes and going shopping at the mall.
i really enjoy collecting weird stickers
i am a single mom of two kids. my sister is my first.
my sister is a teacher and i love reading poetry
what kind of poetry do you like?
i love weird things. i love weird foods
i would love to try it! do you like food?
i love cooking so i can learn more about cooking.
what do you do for work?
i was in the park for a while
yes i am a nurse and i am currently working as a nurse
that is great. i am homeschooled so i am not sure i can handle nurses.
i am a registered nurse. i hope to get my first full time job as a nurse soon.
oh wow! do you work? i am homechooled.
awesome. i love shopping for clothes. i am single and don't have any kids.
i love shopping, i am homeschooled so i get to see my best friend.
i am single and single.
i don't have a big family. i am homeschooled, so my hair is a bit
yes, i dyed mine red.
so what else do you like?
i have a dye job.
its brown, the robot is blue.
i am james and i laugh at her.
well i have brown hair and a smurf. you should call her pink.
my job is to help people.
i am good and you?
i am just relaxing with some iced tea, you?
i like wine, i like to drink it with my brothers.
i have never had a parmigiana. i am not a huge fan of meat.
yes, i am. i am a stockbroker. so i am also a vegetarian.
yes, i would like to see a dog charlie!
i have two dogs. i have a sister who lives in australia.
they are awesome. we will be eating lunch at the beach.
yes! we will be staying in australia to celebrate our new anniversaries.
i will be there, i will bring my dog with me.
i have a mix of a boxer and a woman boxer.
awesome. what kind of dog?
will you be married?
are you in canada?
my parents live in australia.
i am good. how are you?
i am good, just got done with school.
that sounds like fun. i teach english.
i am a kindergarten teacher. i am also a kindergarten teacher.
oh wow! that is amazing! i am still in school.
so do you have a job?
i go to the park a lot
that is cool. do you have pets?
i have two dogs and a dog
i like to live alone. i live in seattle.
i am from nyc but i never got to start school
i live in seattle.
yes it does. rain is awful for us
oh yeah, that is really scary. i try to go to school for it.
no, i eat crackers daily.
i love sardines. i love food.
thank you! it is a great way to start your day!
no i am not doing well. what do you do for a living?
that is so sad. i am five feet tall. i am trying to get out of school.
i have three, but i am happy with my weight. i don't like my kids.
i am sure they are! do you have siblings?
cool, do you cook for them?
i do, i make it all the time
oh that is cool. i am a cook too, i love to cook.
i am 5 foot tall, so i cant cook much, but i am super short
i am. i am a little under 3 foot.
i am a student. i have a sister and two parents.
where do you want to go to school?
i am in college, i just got my degree in music
oh cool, that is cool. i play the piano in my spare time.
i am going to school for music
that sounds fun. what do you do for fun?
i am doing well and you?
i am doing well i am engaged to be married
i am married to a husband.
i am married too.
i am homechooling my child
i used to be a craftsman
i am a homechooling parent
that is a fun time
i have been to the little town a few times.
that sounds fun i guess
it is. i am homeschooling my child.
yes it is very simple. do you have kids?
yes, i do. my job is homeschooling.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing fine thanks. do you like it
awesome. i love them.
just watching my favorite tv show
that is cool how long have you been doing that
i just got back from deployment to south korea
i went to the school of history. what about you?
what do you do for a living?
yeah i am 22 years old and i like to dance
i am in the military
cool! i was 22 when i left
i don't do that.
wow that is a lot of young
yeah, i am a very violent person
oh cool what are your favorite sports?
i am good, just got back from working as a teacher.
that is great. what kind of doctor is he?
i love to cook. i love to cook and read.
what kind of food do you like?
i am going to go to the paper and cook.
oh no, that is too bad. i am sure they will be okay with that.
you could do that. i don't get much time for that
i don't have any kids, i am busy with work.
he is a great reader and my wife is also a good one
i love to cook and bake bread.
what kind of bread do you make
i bake bread and pasta to sleep, too.
i make bread too. i love to cook too
yes, i do, and i am a vegan.
oh wow! i love dogs, but i hate cats
i have 2, but i am only one of two kids
oh wow, that is funny. i am a 14 year old trans boy.
i love country music too, i love it when i cook
i like rock and pop, do you?
cool! do you like cooking? i am a huge fan of cooking
that would be awesome, i am an accountant, i am pretty good at it.
i would love to be an actor! i also like cooking. you?
oh that is great! i am not sure if i will ever find out.
yeah i am the secret.
i will be sure to tell you. i have to tell my secret to everyone.
oh wow... that is so strange....
oh, my leg is so badly injured that i cannot move
it is old enough to retire. my right leg hurts a lot.
yes, i hope so! i am retired now and have to help my wife and kids.
i am a horse rider. i love horses. you?
i do! i am a carpenter. i have a lot of friends.
i love the saloon!
i don't have one, but i would love one
i have a very close family. do you like family time?
i don't, but i have 3 kids and love them
i have one son, and he is in school for engineering.
yes, i am from australia. do you travel often?
it is not the best place for children, but i will be fine.
no i have no kids so i am not sure
do you like the weather?
i love it! i enjoy eating out!
i am doing great, just got off work from the sales office.
i am a professional skater, i play bluegrass music and i love to drink wine
i am just thinking about how to go back to work tomorrow.
i am a professional skater, i work at hollister
that is cool. i like to paint and draw.
i like bluegrass music, especially bluegrass music
i don't have, i am sorry to hear that
i have not heard of it, i like to watch skaters on tv
i like meat and i like that more
i like to play in the bluegrass choir at hollister
that is great i have a wedding coming up
that is sad, that is why i was born in the wrong place.
well that is very interesting
i love bluegrass, what about you?
i love the color rush, it is my favorite band
hi i am good. just got back from my day off. how are you?
what papers are you grading? i am grading on something i am thinking about.
oh cool! i like exotic fish too! what kind of fish do you collect?
what do you do for a living?
i am a teacher, i love reading... i love cooking.
i am a teacher. i am going to hairdresser school
i am a cook... i love to cook...
that is a great thing to do. do you like eggs and bacon?
that sounds like a lot of work! i could never get enough!
i like to crochet. i collect antique 50 s decorations.
i do decorate my home with art. i am a mom so i love to read.
thank you! i am so glad to hear that. you should go for it!
i love to cook, i am a cook, but i also love to read. what about you
that sounds like a great adventure!
i have a favorite car! i love the camaro.
hi, i am doing well. just making my way home from a home visit with my cat.
nice, i am playing a video game with my boys.
that is cool. my mother and i are both army nurses.
i bet she is very nice.
i am terrified of the environment. i have a cat so i need to take care of her.
yes, they are. i am currently in school.
that is great! i am in iraq and am worried about the environment.
that is really cool i am a civic employee
i have to do that. i think about the environment a lot.
yes. i hope to someday. what do you do for fun?
i don't think i would want to get away from it.
i am not sure what that is yet, but maybe something like that
yes, it does. i also have a car that i sell to the community.
i am a science fiction author. what do you do?
lol that is not so good. i am not sure how to position myself.
i have a house in tennessee
i don't. i have no work.
i am a writer, i am a science fiction writer
what is your favorite book
i have a few. a good one about a scientist.
that is a great point. i would love to write a book.
tennessee, but i have never been to one
wow! what role models do you have?
the main character is the titular alien.
that is a shame. i am just going to make money and move to a nice house
i am afraid of spiders and snakes
that is cool. i love science
the planet. the earth is an alien world.
i am doing great how are you
i am doing good. i am not married yet.
i am a woman, i guess. you are a female too?
i am 40 and still feel like i am still a male.
i am 35. i am a lady, but i am a male.
i have been thinking about divorce for a long time. i am a boy.
my husband is a man. he has been my best friend for years.
you should try sitting down! i like sitting on my hands.
i don't. i work at the animal shelter. its my job.
that is great! i wish i could work more. i am still a male.
i do too. i clean the house.
it is my life now. i love to clean.
it is hard, but rewarding.
it is very hard work. i am a male so i don't have a job.
i am more of a kennel cleaner.
i am fine. i teach kindergarten.
that is so cool. do you have any siblings?
i have two cats, one cat.
how did you get in the car?
i am in college, so i have not had time for kids yet.
i don't blame you
no i don't. i eat a lot of unhealthy food, and it makes me hungry.
i love reading mysteries. what do you like to buy?
i love blue! i live in seattle.
i live in texas.
oh, i am in seattle. where do you live?
i am in seattle. i love the sunshine!
it is very nice. i love drinking coffee.
i love it. i live in seattle.
i am hoping to find a job soon. i just graduated two years ago.
i am good, just listening to music. how are you?
i am doing great, shopping for clothes.
that sounds fun. i am going to go out and play my instrument.
i would like to get a spider bite, but i cannot wait to get my first full time job
i just got my engineering degree.
i am a nurse. i am hoping to be a nurse soon.
that is great. i am learning a lot of new things too.
i don't know much about languages.
i have never been to russia. i would love to visit there.
maybe you could go to the beach. i am so close with my sister.
i am not sure i have ever been to cuba. it is very cold here.
i am from the same place. i am a single mother.
oh i see. i am sorry. i hope you like it.
yes, i would love to go see snow. i am hoping to go to ohio.
i am from florida, but i love florida.
yeah i just got done with the snow and cold.
do you have any pets? i have a dog.
i have 2 brothers. they are my siblings
i have two, they are siblings. do you have siblings?
i do, i work for a company that makes cold weather sweeter.
i don't work, i am not in school
i work as a manager of a software company.
i have a job in ny, my parents are both in ny
yeah it was so hot there, i am a little worried
no, i don't like it but i am sorry. did you go to college?
wow that is a good one! tell me about yourself
thanks. i just have 2 big dogs and love them
no surgery yet, but i hope to
i am doing well. just got done visiting my favorite zoos.
that is cute! i have a teddy bear that i like to hang with.
yes i do. i am a huge fan of green
do you work?
i love purple! what is your favorite color?
that is cool. i work in an office as a secretary.
yes, i like it. i love to visit zoos too!
what do you do for a living?
i am a nurse so i have a lot of free time
i would love to have my own apartment.
i make sure my teddy bears get there
that is great. i have a full time job as a secretary.
yes it can be. do you have a system?
i have a good reputation as a secretary
do you have any favorite animals?
i am doing it! i am a cross stitch and quilter.
i like to fish and eat fish with my two sons.
that sounds great! i am a huge fish lover. i am the proudest
no, i have one son, he is named after my favorite color.
i am a proud american. and i like to make cross stitch and quilt
cool! i don't have any sweet tooth, but my family does.
yes he was in the military and he was a vet
wow, do you have a job?
that is so great. what else do you do?
i am sure that you will, i am sure that you will.
my parents are proud of us, and i hope they get along.
thank you. well, i hope he does not have to worry about the stress of working.
we were in the army. he was in the air force when i was younger
that is nice. that is a long time ago.
that is good to hear. do you have any siblings?
great, i love soccer. how about you?
that is cool i don't like water but i love to garden
i am on the swim team, so i am a nurse
i have a purple garden, but not purple too. i love purple.
mine is orange
that is awesome! i love oranges!
oh cool, what are you studying?
i like to dance. i love to garden. what about you?
do you like candy?
yeah, it is the best
what did you go to a dance competition for?
no, but they will be good. you can do it once you get a good attitude
nice. do you have a boyfriend?
i have been dating for about 2 years now.
i don't know about you. i have been on the soccer team for a few years
i am great. i am just working on my fitness.
i am doing well, how about you?
what do you do for a living?
i am a real estate agent for the past 12 years.
i am a teacher, but i also teach fitness.
i have two kids. they are in their early 20s.
that is a lot of kids. i have a 3 year old son.
no, i have 2. they are the ones that are in their early 20s.
i am 10. do you have any siblings?
oh wow. that is a lot of fun.
i am a teacher too. i am pretty big. i need to get up to speed.
i watch tv and listen to music. i am a real estate agent.
i love the ocean and swimming. i like going to the beach.
yes, i do, i love going to the beach.
i love italian food too. i don't eat meat but i like to eat softballs
i love to eat, but i am very small.
i am not a big guy. i am just a big dude
oh wow! that is so cool. do you have any kids?
no kids, but i do teach them, and they are wonderful
that is great! i am a teacher, but i don't have kids. i am a fitness
i am sorry to hear that. do you have kids?
i am sure. my wife and i have a boat. i would love to go swimming again.
oh, that sounds wonderful. i love swimming. do you like the ocean?
i want to move to the states, but my husband has not moved.
i would be happy if i could adopt one of my pets.
no, i don't. my wife and kids do.
i am doing great, just watching sports on tv.
what sports do you watch?
i love the houston and nc teams.
i am in college, so i have never been to california
do you have a wife? i am in my early 20s.
yes, i am. are you?
sure, we are engaged. we have been together for ten years.
that is a great date. i hope you get to see all the new york city
thank you for your service. i am a college graduate.
awesome! what are you studying?
i was in high school. i worked for a sports company.
i have never been to a museum. i am in california now
what kind of surfing do you like to do?
i grew up in california
you should not be looking for work in nyc.
i am doing great how are you?
i am doing great. just got done working on my nails
i don't work, i am a teacher
that is exciting. i just got done with my nails
i do i don't i like to skate
you skate a lot? i have a short head and a long neck
no, i am a surfer. i love surfing and skateboarding
i like to ride horses
i love riding horses, and skate, and surfing
what is your favorite vegetable?
that is cool. i am a professional skateboarder.
no i am a stay at home mom
yes i do but i would rather be on my own
so you are a huge fat person
i do. i eat a lot of healthy food
hello, i am doing great, how are you?
oh that is cool i am proud of you
oh that is awesome. i am working on my fish aquarium.
oh that is so cool. i am a single mom so i have no kids
i am a vintage 50s decorator. my husband and i have a lot of fish.
i do. it is a great memory of my parents and their homeland.
i am a grandmother, so i am very proud of my heritage.
i am a pretty big bag of carbs, but i eat a lot of protein
i like to eat fresh fish. i eat fish all day, but i really love fresh fish!
no, i don't eat fish. i like to eat fish instead
i eat a lot of fish too. i am a fish lover too.
i love fish. i am a baby boomer.
yes i am. i eat them everyday.
i like rock, country, alternative and anything with a melody
i like the beatles as well, i am from nirvana
what are your hobbies? i like to read books.
i love to paint
i am also a dieting person, i write books about it
i am an accountant.
i would probably recommend running to everyone
i can imagine. you are a cop, i have helped him with that
i love to eat healthy, i have a very successful dieting business
i also love running, its great for muscle mass.
yes i have a cat named cat
do you have any pets?
i don't go out much
what does that mean?
yes! i love pets!
i am good. i am doing well. how about you?
i am playing a guitar. you?
that sounds fun. i am working on a quilt.
what did you do for fun?
i don't exercise. i do some everyday.
i am very much into music and movies. do you have any hobbies?
that is great. i bet your family is very close.
no i am a dog person
i have a cat named zebra. what is her name?
i have a super terrier named jenny
i have a cat, she has a nose so i don't have much of a pet.
what do you do for work
what do you do for a living?
i work at a coffee shop in chicago
that sounds like a good job
i am good! just relaxing at sea.
i like music too! my favorite band is rush
nice! i have a tail as a foot and long wavy hair!
i enjoy graphic design especially on weddings
flying creatures! how many friends do you have?
my job is sales i love it
i have a long wavy tail and a bunch of friends.
that is good. what kind of fish do you fish for?
i am not. i have a long wavy hair and a big fish.
wow, i have long wavy hair, i am an armpit
i go out to dinner with my family.
oh no! i will eat you! i am hungry for dinner!
mostly tuna, the best. you?
lol what do you do for fun?
i like to swim with my friends and then go out play with them.
hello! i am a nurse, so i have just started my first full time job.
i play guitar. i am a batista. you?
i am from florida. i am in the states
my family lives in chicago. i live in a house with my brothers.
i see. i am in texas, texas. i see a lot of people here
i do. my family lives in chicago, but i am not very good at it.
oh ok i am in arkansas and you can go there
i have a windy apartment in chicago, but its too windy for me.
i am a bit old for my age
they are about the same age as me, i am a batista.
that is great, what do you do for work?
that is cool. i am in my early twenties too
do you have a favorite holiday?
that is very cool, i am 25.
i am 25 years old
hi! i am great! how about you?
i am doing well, how are you?
oh nice! i am a hair stylist, so i have a lot of free time!
that is cool! i am also into fashion.
i am really into football and christmas.
that is awesome. i love to travel. i will be moving to new york city next year
i am actually in the cold.
i am moving to california next year to work in a fashion model.
i think it is. i love cheese pizza!
i don't like pizza, it is not very good.
do you have any dogs? i have 3.
i have not heard of you. i am a model and actress. you?
that sounds like a fun song. i love music.
it is. i bet you are going to have a lot of people who love you.
well, that is just so bad.
nice! i work as a college grad student.
that is awesome. i have been planting my own garden for a few months.
what do you do for fun? i enjoy watching soccer
i love john denver, he is my favorite musician
i love to watch soccer on tv. i used to play in college.
i have never played with horses
that is awesome, you must be very big
it was very exciting when i was younger.
yes i do, i play soccer and i have always wanted to be a professional
i am also a soccer fan and i like to play soccer in the backyard.
that is a great idea i am going to try and rope you
i can teach you how to ride horses
that is cool i love horses
i love the outdoors i am a gardener
what are your favorite foods?
i am great. just got back from traveling a lot.
that sounds fun! i am glad you are here. i love going to concerts.
it is. i have travelled to six different countries.
that is so cool! i like to run.
i like to garden, it is my favorite hobby.
i am a poet. i am a musician.
i have a huge garden. i am obsessed with it.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for work?
i am a writer for the magazine that covers music. you?
well, i don't travel much but i do try to relax when i can.
i don't have much time for animals. i don't have a dog.
yeah they are fun, i love dogs.
i have a pug that is quite a pug. what do you do for work?
wow that is very cool. i am going to be a lawyer.
that is awesome. my sister is my only real love.
that is awesome! i have two brothers and a sister
it is definitely sad. i am a nurse.
i am sorry to hear that, i am a nurse so i understand
yeah i am. i hope to get back to work as a nurse soon.
are you in a relationship with your sister?
he is my best friend.
my second year at college i was invited by the party
thank you.
i will. tell me more about yourself.
i don't know. i like reading about it.
oh, i would love to see him film the movie
hi lucy. i am jace. what is your name?
what kind of work do you do for a living?
well i am a nurse. so i am unable to work because of a disability
well, i am on the president team and i am not a big fan of being on the soccer
that is a great job, she is a nurse
it does. i am an excellent student
that is cool. i am so tired
what kind of workout do you do?
no, i don't like it, i am too fat
i listen to music when i am not working
i love country music! do you know how to pray?
oh that sounds like fun! what is it?
i love gardening
i am doing well, how about you?
i am doing okay. just teaching a class. you?
what grade? i am in kindergarten. how about you?
yes i am. i teach kindergarten here in ny.
that is great. i have 3 kids so i don't have much time for them.
what do you do for work?
i work the day shift, so i am a bit of a mess.
i don't mind. my cat is my only pet.
i love cats. my husband has a lot of them.
i could take them to work every day!
i like to eat healthy. i work nights so i eat a lot of healthy.
that is awesome i am a kindergarten teacher
yes! i spend a lot of time working nights, mostly on my spare time.
i love nature and nature walks
oh, i am usually busy with my kids so it is a good time to be outside.
just got done gardening.
do you have a manicure? i am afraid of water
oh that is nice. i am my real name.
i am name is paul. i like purple and my cat is purple
i like horses, i love them
i bet, i cannot stand water!
i bet you are swimming hard
i don't think i can swim, i am afraid of water.
i don't like swimming but i love the beach
i am afraid of water, but i love to garden.
i will. i am a health nut and i need to eat a healthy diet
i want to be a gardener. i love to garden, so i can grow vegetables
that is a great idea! what is your favorite food?
my favorite is purple. do you like them?
i don't really eat veggies, but i like fruits. i don't eat meat
i am fine. just having a bum leg.
my name is lucy, i played soccer for a year, but i am not good at
i am also a horse lover, i love to ride horses.
no, i am not a big dog person but i love candy
i have a broken leg. i would love to be able to ride horses again.
that is pretty bad, i am a student in college
i have never been to college, but i want to be
i love soccer, but i love football too
i love horseback riding. i want to retire soon. i love horses
i was on the soccer team in college.
i rode horses for a while. i was going to retire soon
that is terrible, i am sorry to hear that
it is. i would like to retire someday, but i am afraid of losing my leg
yes, but i am sorry to hear that
i am glad to hear that.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing well. just got back from work.
i work for a company that repairs old cars. i restore classic cars.
i am a model ship builder. what do you do?
oh really? that is great. i am a handyman.
it is. what kind of work do you do?
you should try it. what else do you do?
yes i do. i love to be alone.
what other hobbies do you have?
i like building models and model spaceships. i am a pilot.
i like classic cars, i am a handyman.
do you have a favorite car?
cool. i hear that you are very introverted. i am a handyman
i am not sure i understand the appeal.
i enjoy it a lot
i am well. how are you?
i am studying biology.
i am an actress. i have been in high school.
oh, i like science too. what are you studying?
oh. i am not sure if i can get past that.
that is terrible. i was raised in the us. you are still young
yes, but i was raised in high school. i still love high school.
i have never been to the wrong place
no, i was born in the us. i was raised in the us.
i am from the us.
that is a beautiful state! i was never married. i have been single for years.
i hope so!
i want to be a fashion designer. i love fashion.
i work as a registered nurse at a pediatric hospital. what about you?
i am an environmentalist.
you are a religious person? that is cool. i am a registered nurse.
i have two children who are in kindergarten. they love being around the tree.
that is great. i have a family of three, so i have family too.
i am working for an environmental group now. i do it all the time.
that is true. my favorite pizza is the one with purple pizza.
red. i like chicken sausage too.
mine is purple. i love to eat duck.
i have. my duck is a nice mix of red and blue.
nice. i used to make it from scratch.
i have not. do you?
i have never been to the tree hill. i have never seen the color purple.
you are allergic to any kind of food? i am allergic to dogs.
i am. do you speak another language?
i am not a native speaker. i am not fluent in any languages.
that is sad. my wife is always making me look like she is a bad british accent
i was in the army and i was not allowed to leave.
i pretended to be a british accent, but now i fake it.
that is awesome, i love karaoke bars.
that sounds interesting. do you have any hobbies?
i love to sing karok. do you have any hobbies?
i also like to create interesting things.
that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
that is great. i have been to civil war antiques and i love that
i do like the color sky
that is cool. i like green too.
yes it is. i have seen red a million times.
hello! i am fine, just got back from work at the animal shelter
i am. how about you?
i took a break from work
i just came home from the bank
oh okay i guess that is nice i am a vet
yeah, it is, do you play soccer?
that is cool, do you like music?
i like to drive my honda civic
i don't like anything, but i do like simple plan
i like listening to music with you
i love simple plan, they are my band
i like music too, my favorite is honda civic
they are the best
i like to listen to it when i am sad
i like to listen to them when i am working at the animal shelter
no, i am not. i love to eat eggplant parmigiana.
i am eating a latte and a hot chocolate
no, i don't. my brothers and sisters don't like iced tea.
i like dogs more than cats
that is cool, i have a sister who is 10!
i don't but i am single and live alone. i love it.
i have a sister, she is from australia.
no i don't. i am a programmer for a software company
wow that is amazing. i am a stock broker.
do you like music? i listen to country music.
i can! i do my broker work for a living.
do you like the language? i like to read the web
that is great. do you have any hobbies?
i like to listen to music when i am not coding
i don't. i am busy at home though.
hi i am doing well. just finished working out. you?
that sounds like fun! i just got done playing board games.
that is cool. i just got back from my wedding
my brother just got married
i like to go to the gym. i am a doctor.
oh that is great. i am a nurse.
oh, that is great. do you like your profession?
i graduated from college, what about you?
yes, i have a wife and i am a bodybuilder.
oh nice. i hope that gets you some plans.
i am planning on going to the gym and taking care of my brother.
i am currently playing board games with my brother.
i bet it is fun! i bet it is a risk.
i am good, how about yourself?
i am doing great! i just got off work at a local youth center.
i am a model. i am currently working as a model.
i am a teacher. i help young people in the process.
i am single and don't have kids.
i am in south carolina, where do you live?
i am from new york, but i hope to move soon.
no i am a single mom. i don't have any kids.
my parents are great. i sing in a band. what about you?
because i was in new york. i still live there.
do you have any hobbies?
i am a singer. i have a passion for music.
i like to sing and sing in my spare time. you?
its my favorite! i am an introvert so it keeps me focused.
that is good! i just love the sound of my voice. what else do you do?
its going great. how are you?
great, just got back from watching football on sundays. you?
i have a pet named jim. what is yours?
names are karaoke. how about you?
no i am a single mom of two boys, two girls. you?
i am a hair stylist, i love it! i get to wear my hair all day
i like to travel. do you?
maybe..... i just came back from the church
i enjoy hiking in the mountains. i also go hiking in my spare time.
i like pizza.
i teach math and english.
that sounds good. i am craving some cheese pizza
i love pizza, but i love pizza too.
i agree! i make pizza, but i would love some.
i will, my boys have dogs and they are very friendly.
hello, i am doing well, how are you?
that is good. i am an engineer. i don't have any kids.
i am a hamburger guy.
i am a scientist. what do you do?
i am a stay at home mom
i am a science fiction author
i have a degree in business administration.
i am a science fiction writer.
i want to go to college, i work at mcdonalds.
that is good. i am a science fiction author.
that is good. what else do you like to do?
i am a science fiction author. i like to write.
that is cool. what do you do for work?
i am good. just came in from work at the restaurant.
cool! i am an attorney, so i am not much of a reader.
that is great! i am an accountant. i am also a runner.
yes, i am. i have two dogs. they are good.
oh no, i don't like them
i work as an attorney and have two dogs
i live in a small apartment in a midtown city
i am in oklahoma. do you have a college degree?
wow. do you like the sound of that?
yes, i do. i am an attorney, so i don't have much time for that.
i don't but i love to run
do you have any other jobs?
oh wow that sounds scary. what did you see?
it is. i am afraid of heights. but i would like to try and stay safe
i see. that is why i like beauty.
i am good just watching the weather and nature. you?
oh, what are you freaking out about?
oh, i would love to make clothes that is for animals!
do you like to eat? i love to exercise.
yes i do. i live on the streets.
that is a good thing. i also have 2 cats and a dog.
i have never considered that. i don't like animals, especially stray ones
do you like to cook? i am into reading plays and cooking
i don't cook, i like to sing folk songs
i could sing to you about dieting
i read for fun too. i am a high school teacher.
wow, i would love to see your book
i have never heard of that genre. i love the genre.
i like horror movies. especially the old ones.
that sounds like fun. i could go on a date with you.
i am doing well. just got back from work. how are you?
that is awful! i am sorry. do you like italian food?
i am in the fantasy world and i love it.
i don't know what i want to do then.
i have to keep dreaming.
no i have not, sorry.
that is awesome. i am a big fantasy fan.
yes i have, but i have never seen it
that is good. do you like it?
it is not too bad
i have one that is a magician
yeah, i am a huge fan of italian food.
i like to draw and write fantasy books
i am good. just got done watching the lord of the rings. you?
oh nice! i live near the mountains so i have never been there.
i like movies. i love fantasy books.
i like animals. i love animals.
i have a goat.
wow, i have three cats and two dogs.
that is cute. i am a huge fantasy fan. i am also a pet owner.
i don't like music.
i like classical. i am very imaginative.
what kind of shows do you like?
i play the lord of the rings.
awesome. i don't mind them.
i am also a huge fantasy fan.
i do like the band barry manila.
i am a huge fantasy fan.
i am good. i am just working at mcdonalds.
i am doing okay. just watching the lord of the rings.
i am good, i am just waiting for my lunch. i work at mcdonalds
it is. i am a huge fantasy fan. i have 2 part time jobs.
that is awesome. i am a poor person and need a job.
i am a part time worker. how about you?
i work at mcdonalds, its my job but i have a dead end job
i am trying to get into writing fantasy books, i am so obsessed.
yes it is. i bet you are busy too.
i am trying to find the right person.
they do, i am so sorry to hear that.
my mom does not want me to have any kids.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that.
i enjoy hobbies and hobbies. what do you do for fun?
i have a dog named charlie. how about you?
cool. i am getting ready to go tee collecting.
i live in australia. i have never been to australia.
i am from australia, but i have been to many other countries.
i am also in australia. i have a brother and a sister.
i love fashion. i love to dress up as myself.
oh cool. i am getting married soon, but i am single.
i have a sister. she is a nurse.
i wish i had a brother. my mom and dad live in australia.
yes, they are very close.
oh, how exciting. do you like eggplant parmigiana?
do you eat tacos? i love tacos.
i have never had tacos, but i am sure it tastes good.
i love tacos too. i just bought a new dress in my favorite color.
my brothers and i eat fish and shellfish.
hi tg 14 year old. i don't like chips.
i am looking for the tail.
i am sorry to hear that. i am an athlete
no i am a very young trans girl
i am a professional skater i work there and have a tail
wow you sound like a skater
no its not i just don't know. what do you do?
i am a girl and a boy, i want to be an actor
i am not into that show. i just like to watch the news
i don't really watch that show. i am a kid so i like to act.
i don't think i could do that, i am not that big into it
i love to eat the doritos
what do you like to eat?
i eat a lot of chips, but i don't eat them
its the same, i don't eat chips, i am a skater
that is awesome, i am a financial assistant.
that is amazing. i have tattoos of my brother and i.
you should. i love to cook. i like eating oldies music.
do you have a nose?
i love playing racquetball with my grandchildren.
do you have a new outfit?
i am in my 50s. i am in my 50s.
cool. i play a lot of guitar.
i am an admin assistant. i am looking forward to retiring in 5 years.
do you have tattoos of your own? i have one on my arm.
i am sure they do. they don't.
i have a bad reputation, but i am happy to have it removed.
i agree. i love oldies music.
hello, merna jean. i am a 14 year old trans boy. you?
oh wow! that is awesome. i am a rock star!
i am a 14 year old trans boy and i hate cats
i am a nurse so i am always working.
i don't think so. i am shy
what do you do for fun?
what kind of animal are you into?
i love animals, i love shopping for clothes. i am single.
that is good. i like cats, but i hate them
i love dogs too. i would love to get one someday.
i don't sing, but i do like to sing.
oh wow. what kind of dance do you like?
i am not. i do dance.
i am doing well. just got done having my kids.
oh really? that is awesome. i need to get some cooking done.
that is awesome! do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for fun? i have never had kids.
i have two. i just went to the event.
i love my laptop. it keeps me up at night
wow that is amazing. what kind of laptops do you sell?
i don't have much spare time. i cook and bake.
well i am 32 and a real estate agent
i am 35. do you have any grandchildren?
wow that is a long time. i am 35.
i am only 44. you have a daughter?
that is great. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. i cook a lot of homemade meals for my family.
that sounds delicious. i am only 32.
i am doing well, just eating some bacon and listening to bach.
i am doing alright. just got back from class. you?
oh, i am an engineer and i am studying for a test.
you must be really good at math. i am a student too.
i speak english and i have a major in science.
i don't speak any other languages but i do love learning.
i don't speak any other languages. do you?
i don't speak other languages. i studied in america.
i have never heard of that. i like music
i am an american girl. it is hard. i am a marine biologist.
i love classical music. do you like bach?
i love bach too. do you like music?
i have to be careful not to make too many mistakes. i am an engineer.
i am not much for music, i just started teaching kindergarten.
i hope you get enough to buy a new guitar.
i teach kindergarten.
do you have any hobbies?
do you have tattoos? i do.
the family i live with, they live in chicago.
i live in seattle. i drink beer a lot.
i live in chicago. i drive a truck.
chicago is the best language for me.
i do, i am a batista. what about you?
i don't know. i just graduated. i have been working since i was a kid.
i bet that is rough. i have to work, its hard work
i hate teaching. i am a doctor.
i am currently working on my masters in music.
no, i did a beer binge last week.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing great! just got my daughter ginger. how about you?
wow that is nice. do you work?
i have, but he has a lot of things to do with his daddy.
what do you do for work?
thank you, i don't watch much movies. i like movies like titanic ten times
i love civil war antiques
oh i love titanic ten.
i like movies with titanic themes.
i just bought my golden retriever ginger.
my favorite car is the mazda.
oh wow. that is cool. i am a modeler
no, just my husband and i are widowed and divorced.
what happened to them
they are very sad. how long have you been married?
it is going great! just taking a break from teaching biology.
sounds nice. i am a huge meat eater.
what kind of animals do you have?
yes, i love going hiking and camping
yes, i love it here in europe.
wow! i am a vegetarian and have a large stereo in my truck
i also like meat. i have never been to six countries
yes. my father has a big truck with a big stereo
that sounds fun. i travel the world with my family.
no i am in the country with my husband
that is cool, i am sorry to hear that. i am sure he likes you
that is cool. i am not sure if i would like to be a stripper
i am a biology professor. i teach biology at a college
oh, i am sure she would be. i have a huge stereo in my truck.
i will, i am a huge body builder
i am jordan and i am on the weekends playing video games.
my name is julie. i am currently in high school.
i am currently a veterinarian in florida.
i am a junior in high school.
i want to be a surgeon.
i drive a volkswagen. i want to be a doctor when i grow up.
awesome! i am in car racing. i live in florida.
it is a semi, i am not sure.
i hope you enjoy your day off!
do you like to clean up after work?
i love to read, especially drama books!
yes, i like to listen to music.
i play video games.
i play the drums in a band, but i am not in the game
i play guitar. you?
oh i have a dog and i am at home, so i just watch film.
good, just eating bacon. it is my favorite.
i hate bugs. i don't eat them.
i am going to go make dinner tonight
i am eating some muffins
i am eating bacon to make bacon sandwiches
i am watching a documentary on the health care industry.
what movie are you watching?
what is it like to be sick?
i am in the hospital as well.
it was a funeral.
i have heard about dad for years but i don't know what he was.
my dad was a huge influence on my life.
you should listen to bach and listen to him
i work in the healthcare field.
i am good. how are you?
i am good. just got off work.
i am doing well. just got my nails done and my hair done.
that is nice do you like working?
i don't have a job i just love horses
i like animals but i don't have any kids
i like horses too. i love the beach
i am afraid of spiders and snakes. i am a sea life
that is cool. i like cars too. i have a car dealership
i am a biology major.
i live in the city, and i have a car dealership
i have a phobia of spiders and snakes.
i love the beach. i love the beach too.
my parents were scared to death and they did not want me to do anything
yes i have a phobia of spiders and snakes
well, i am a nurse and i work in a nursing home.
yes i do and love to binge watch the lord of the rings
do you have any pets?
horses are my job. what do you do?
that is not good. i have two dogs and a cat.
do you work at the zoo?
i like to ride my bike
i have a bike too, but i cannot do it.
i do. i am a nurse
i don't i don't like them
i don't know. i am sad that my dogs are gone
i have a ring that i wear everyday
yes i have. love it so much
i have read it. do you like fantasy books
that is great, maybe i should start with that
hi, i am good. just doing my dog obedience
i am doing good. how are you?
that is nice i just lost my job
oh really? i am still in love with mister right
i know i have not seen him since i was last there
i would love to see him i have seen him on tv
yes i do. what is your favorite pet?
yes i love watching baseball i am an amateur
i love soccer. what kind of music do you play?
what do you do for a living?
i have a sweet tooth i can eat but i cant wait to get her
do you have family?
i like to do a lot of different things. just like running and dancing
i have been to a few clubs and i have been there
that is cool, i like to party.
i am doing well. just got off work. do you have a job?
that is so nice, i have been in the army since high school.
i have been writing fantasy novels for awhile
that sounds like a good idea. i am an artist.
i am a huge fantasy fan
i wish i could watch fantasy but i am color blind.
i think they are good in general
that is cool. i think my life is quite different from yours.
yes i do a lot of them
a soldier in the army. i hope you like it.
wow that is really huge
it is. i am not sure what i like to do with my dog.
that sounds like fun do you like music
i like rock, blues, and country
i like the 80s and the 1990s, do you have a favorite genre
yes! i am! i volunteer at zoos!
that is cool. my dad was a great father. he taught me how to be an american
my dad is a military vet, i love to visit zoos.
you are very cool. do you have any hobbies?
my favorite color is green
so you live on the edge of being a green baby boomer?
what is your favorite color?
i have a zebra. i have a german shepherd.
they are beautiful. i have a collection of teddy bears
it is my favorite color too. i am from america. i grew up with it
they are very nice to have
you should come to america and try it out
that is very nice of you
i am a model car enthusiast, i have seen the movie titanic ten times
i am a hair stylist, so i love watching football on sundays
i have a golden retriever named ginger, but i am a mom.
yes, i am watching the football on sundays.
i am the best in the world. i have seen the movie titanic ten times. you?
i don't have a favorite team, but my 3 dogs are in my team.
i have a golden retriever named ginger.
nice. i love ginger too. my favorite season is christmas.
i am a huge fan of movies and tv shows.
i love movies. but i love football too. i have watched a ton of it.
what is your favorite movie?
what grade are you in? i am in school.
yes, i have seen it twice. do you have a favorite movie?
where are you from now?
i was in texas.
i am good. just got off work. how are you?
i am pretty good how about you?
i am 24. what do you do for fun?
i like to cosplay, my friends do too.
oh cool! that sounds like fun. i am also a hair stylist.
i love christmas! i dyed my hair blond.
mine is bright red. i do hair stylist for a living.
i love blue hair. i am home in california.
i am from la. how about you?
i am in the south. i am home in california.
where do you live? i have three dogs.
no, i don't. i am homeschooled and stay busy with robots.
do you have a favorite holiday? christmas is the only one i have.
i am katy. i am a christmas fan.
i like to paint and hang out with my horses. do you have a favorite artist?
that is awesome. what is your favorite food? mine is cheese pizza.
i love pizza. i love to eat pizza, i like pizza too
i am also a dog person. do you have any pets?
i have two horses
i have a black and white bulldog. what is your favorite holiday? christmas is my favorite
oh, i have a mix. i like dogs more than cats.
they are great dogs. they are so cute.
happy. i don't have time for christmas. i love painting.
yes. i would love to see it, if it was christmas.
i don't like halloween at all
i am a big fan of the movie halloween.
i like horror movies
i have never seen it, but i do like it.
i am hungry, i am getting ready to eat some dinner.
i am home schooling my kids.
cool, i don't have any kids. i have a big tail.
i love fish. do you have any hobbies?
no, i am a tail runner. i am a professional tail runner.
i am a very small town girl. i am homeschooling my kid.
i am not. i live on the sea and don't like it. do you?
i live in the small town of boston.
oh, that is nice. my friend and i go out for dinner with friends.
i am homeschooling my son. i am very happy with my life.
you must be very passionate about your cooking
yes, i do. i am homechooling.
that is very nice, i am a teacher
he does, he is very interested in reading.
oh, i love the sea. i am a sea creature.
hi lucy, i am sam. i am sara.
i am rayne, i am a secretary in the office.
i am a college graduate. i am a sports reporter.
nice! i am a secretary
cool! i like to watch sports on tv, i love watching them
i am actually an office secretary, i work in a candy store.
what are you studying? i am a grad student.
i am sure that you are quite an interesting person.
i used to play soccer in high school, but i hate it now.
i like watching sports, what about you?
i don't like to do anything with my cage.
no pets. i have a dog. what do you do for fun?
i have a couple of dogs too. do you have any pets?
i have two dogs, one cat and one dog.
what kind of ragdoll do you have?
i am doing good just watching some soccer games
that is cool. i have traveled to many states, and watched many different sports.
oh, i went to the stadium for soccer when i was in high school
i went to school in north dakota
i enjoy soccer too! what is your favorite hobby?
i work for a advertising company, i have traveled a lot, studying abroad
that is cool. do you like sports? i love soccer.
i am a christian myself and have traveled to many countries
i am from the country, i have not heard of you
it was not an uncommon fact, i don't believe in them
i don't know, i am not sure i like to be a racist
i am not sure, i like to travel
what do you do for a living? soccer is my favorite sport.
not really, i have not played any sports
i am not sure if i can say i am a party person.
i am taking some college courses. poker is my favorite card game.
i am a little worried about my husband, he is a great guy.
do you have any children?
i am a teacher at a kindergarten. what do you do?
i am still in college. i am hoping to be a teacher.
no, i just drive my convertible mustang around.
that sounds fun. i love music and my favorite card game
i love it. i like to eat healthy and exercise.
i don't like to run, but i do like to relax
i can swim but i am a big swimmer.
that is cool. i am in college and hope to be a teacher
i have never tried it but i am a fitness fanatic.
i am still trying to find the right job
very healthy!
i just finished cooking dinner
i am doing well, how about you?
i am good, how are you?
i work from home, but i don't work.
i do i am a pro skater
i like to play video games
i don't like chips.
i don't like potato chips, but i do love fantasy videogames
i am a professional skater
oh, that is cool, what do you do for work?
i am a pro skater
that is cool. do you like sports?
i don't work, i play sports.
i am a model space fighter and i play alot of fantasy videogames
that is cool. i am a skater. i was born with a tail.
oh wow, you should do a doctor degree
i love to play sports. i love to watch tae kwan do
i am a taekwondo fan. i am also a football fan
oh really? that is cool. i am a champion at tae kwan do
i can sing and dance. i am a big fan of softball
i go to tae kwan do. i have never been away.
i can help kids in need
i like rollercoasters. i like to go to the park with my dad.
yes i have been to almost every one
i am a champion at tae kwan do and i have never been away.
i don't have any, i play softball. what do you do?
my dad does not like softball. he wants me to retire.
i am a teacher. he is a hard worker.
my dad would love that. he rides rollercoasters in my dads house.
no, he just wants to be able to ride his wooden one
i understand. my dad has a wonderful voice.
hi! i am doing ok, just sitting here with my sister. how are you?
i love italian food. do you have a dog?
that sounds wonderful. i love music, but i am too tall to play it.
what kind of music do you like?
i like all kinds. i have one and two brothers and a sister.
i don't have any pets. i like pasta.
i am going to be a church girl.
i am going to eat some italian sauce.
what sauce is your favorite?
that sounds fun! i am about to read a book.
do you like pasta? i eat it every day.
that sounds terrible! do you like microwave food?
i am hungry! how about you?
that is nice. i am married and i like to walk.
i would love to think so too.
my favorite band is the lead singer in a popular band.
good, just talking to you. tell me more about yourself
i am a lead singer, do you work?
i am a chef, and i love sushi. what do you do for a living?
oh wow. i like to party when i am not playing gigs.
no, i am vegan. i love sushi
i am a sushi lover. what about you?
it is good, i like sushi.
i eat milk and dairy
i love vegan food
i don't like vegan food.
do you have a computer?
you should! i am not sure what to do.
what else do you like to eat?
i have never traveled to the states
i like to listen to music. do you have any hobbies?
i like to play pool with my family and then go out with friends.
that is awesome! i am a bacon eater and eat it all the time.
i am afraid of spiders, so i am afraid of my tail too.
i am a baby. how old are you?
i am a huge ocean creature, i love to explore!
that is awesome! i love to eat bacon!
i am not working. i am still in school.
i do. i love animals and i love them!
no, i have a dog, but i don't have any pets.
that is good to hear. what is your favorite dish?
i don't eat bugs. i don't want to be bitten.
yes, i am. i am so scared of them. i am scared of spiders.
i am not afraid of them, either. i am too busy exploring with my sea creatures.
i like to cook, and eat bacon. you?
i am good. how about you?
going good. i was born in puerto rico. i am in the army.
oh no! i love horror films. i was raised in south carolina.
i am in the army, and i drink a lot of water
oh no. my mom is in the hospital with a broken nose.
i am sorry to hear that. it is a pain in the butt.
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
i am. i was just walking my dog and saw a guy in the dark
i am in a band and have a band too. i am a professional singer
i am sorry to hear that. sorry to hear that...
what uniform did he wear?
no i was in a unit and i was in a prison
it was both. i am a singer. i sing in my free time.
that is crazy. i am a big nose person
i love joanna. he is my friend
i am a fashion designer. i am an awesome hairdresser.
oh, i do love dancing. i love to dance when i am not working
i don't dance. i am more of a stay at home mom.
do you like boys? i am a boy.
i am a girl, but i have a british accent.
no, i do like to dance. i love to dance.
you are not sure i am the only girl in my family!
i am sorry to hear that. do you like it?
my husband is a civil war veteran.
no, i am a little confused.
i have been married 3 times. how about you?
that is sad, my brother and i don't have a boyfriend.
oh wow! i am sure you are very close to your parents.
i have not heard of that before, but it is good.
i am sorry, i have been busy, but i am not sad now.
i am doing great! watching one tree hill.
i am glad to hear that. do you like tea?
oh i am a crazy color, i love purple
mine is black. i like purple too.
i wish i had time to go to school
i write short stories for a living.... how about you?
i am a registered nurse. i also work as a pediatrician.
that is a lot. i write about vampires.
i volunteer at a local hospital.
i like movies. i am a horror writer.
i like to dress up as the character in my movies.
i am going to the animal shelter and maybe i can help you.
yes. i like to invite people.
i am doing ok, just got back from my last week of teaching.
do you like school? i love it. i am studying to be a lawyer
that is cool, i am a teacher
i have never been to a kindergarten, but i am on a trip to the zoo
ten years now. i have a good pay job
what do you do for a living?
that is good, what do you do for a living
what is your favorite thing to do? travel?
i like to go to seattle with my two roommates
i don't go on trips often. i usually just go on my adventures.
i love animals
i have a dog. he is my best friend.
that is awesome. i have two cats.
i am good how about you
i am doing great, just listening to some music
yes they are my favorite. i have never heard of them
you should look up them
i did not know they had pets. i did not know they were animals
no, i am a sales person. what do you do?
i am sure you are a bit confused
i am not familiar with ginger
i love models of cars and cars are my favorite
that sounds like a fun hobby. what else do you do?
what are your parents names?
that is great. i work in sales as a salesperson.
i am glad you are able to be like me
i am jealous of that too, i am so jealous
what do you do for work?
no but i do go ice fishing on the weekends. i love the ice.
i am sorry, do you like to explore? i am a sea creature.
i hunt on the reefs, i like to fish. i also have a fishing pole.
it is fun! i have a lot of friends who don't live in the ocean.
i love animals! especially polar bears.
i don't hunt, i spend most of my time at school, on my wavy tail.
they are great. i love the meat they eat.
i see. i am in school. i am also in school.
they are very mysterious. i have never heard of them before.
i love rocks! i am a big rock climber. i am a fisherman.
i like those too.
i like ice, but i prefer the snow.
it is a very large body of ice.
i don't like spiders i am allergic to them
i have two boys and a girl
no i am a horse lover myself and i love to ride horses
my parents passed away 2 years ago. do you like horses?
oh, sorry, my mom was sick i miss her
its ok. i am writing a science fiction novel
that must be hard! do you work?
maybe that is where you want to go
i am going to be a doctor
oh my! what do you do for work?
oh cool what do you do for a living?
i am a computer programmer
lol. do you have any beard?
that is a long time to keep it out of your face
it can be 10 to 15 minutes
hi john, i am from canada and i am a citizen of canada
i am from tennessee. you?
no. i am single. do you have any kids?
oh wow! i am 32. do you have any kids?
no. i just like to sing. i love to listen to country music.
i like the hip hop and the classical. what about you?
i like jazz. i am married to a jazz musician
i like dancing. i am 40, but i hate being still.
yes. i am a country girl. i am very young.
i am a bit of a ginger guy myself. i am very good at it.
he is very talented. i bet he could do anything with his hands.
what kind of things? i have two kids.
i am waiting for my kids to come home from school.
i have three. how about you?
i sing in the shower too. my family is from canada.
i am doing okay. how are you?
i am doing ok. how are you?
do you have any pets? i love pets.
i love animals but it is hard to have a job
i hope it is not a fluke. i am so excited
i like to go to the beach. i like to play in the park
that is cool. i like to make my own clothing
i listen to it with my boss niece
do not be afraid to do that.
i have no problem with that
what are you thinking about?
that is awesome. i don't think you can fix it
it is a good time for me to be out and about
i work as a cobbler, what about you?
that is a great job.
how is life?
i am always watching the news. i love watching tv.
what do you do for work?
that is a lot of work. i work from home, so i get a lot of free time
i like to read, but i am not really a big reader
do you drive?
they usually go to bars and hang out with friends
i see. do you like shopping?
wow, that is awesome. i am a single and alone person
i like reading a lot, i also like politics
no i don't have time for that
i love reading too. i love the political stuff.
i love to read a lot of books
that is a great book! i love science fiction
i also like the book about the martians
i am well, just finishing reading an author novel
i am doing well. just finishing my paper. how are you?
i am doing fine, just finished a sci fi novel. you?
i do. i don't like it much. i like to spend my time with my three grown
i work from home. i am single. i don't have any kids.
i am a nurse. i am a nurse
that is cool. i hope you enjoy your life
that is so sweet. i hope you are well
thank you. i went to school for engineering and now i am a science fiction author.
i attended college in cali
i went to school in a biology lab.
that is amazing. i hope to go to a community college someday
it was. my parents died and i was only 24.
hi! i am knitting a sweater for my cousins.
i am a bit nervous, but i love my boss
why are you boss?
i am a kennel cleaner now i am a stay at home mom
i love my cat, she is named quill
i love animals too! i work as a kennel cleaner.
i am sure he loves you. he is like a good dog.
i love music and music, i am always listening to simple plan.
i love music, i like all types.
i don't like people, i am a regular with my boss.
i am not sure if i could imagine, but i try and walk with my cat.
i don't. i feel like i am more of a person than a person.
i am retired, so i am more of a walking dead type.
i don't think i have a child.
you are very close to her.
hi, i am doing well. just doing some work on my art project.
i am doing okay. i am trying to find a job.
i work at a research facility. i am a curator.
i am looking for something different. what do you do?
you could do art for me. i would create a painting.
what is your favorite color?
i am actually an artist. what do you do?
i like to take my tractor for walks. i like to do that.
that is great! i like that so much i paint myself.
that is cool. i love drawing. what do you do for work?
i am tall. i am too short for that.
that is not a good combination. i am only average, i am not good at math.
that is cool. do you like to chat?
i am doing well. i am just hanging out with my 7 kids.
i am a nurse and i am looking for a job.
cool. i have 7 children and i live on the farm
i have two grandchildren and i have three grown children.
wow that is a lot of work
that is a lot of work. i am a nurse.
i am not very good at it. my kids are always rough
lol i ride my bike everyday to get around.
that sounds fun. i don't have much time for fun though
yeah, but i am glad you have a family to support you.
yes i have a dog
i love animals. i have a three year old son.
do you like music?
i like country music. do you like music?
i like country and rap. what do you do for a living?
hello joanna. i am well. how are you?
i am joanna and i am a singer
my older sister and i went to a pizza place
i was in college. did you go to college?
that is awesome. what do you like to do in your spare time?
it is! where are you from? i am from south carolina.
i am from california, i like to read paranormal romances.
i am a horror movie fanatic. i love horror movies.
i love horror movies too! i like the creepy ones.
awesome. i love the horror movies. what about you?
i love pizza! i am eating it all day.
oh ok. i don't have pizza, i watch it on tv.
i love paranormal shows. i am a paranormal reader.
oh nice! my name is joanna and i am a professional singer
wow, that is a lot of fun!
i am doing well, just got back from a hike.
yes, it is, so cold here in the us
i am too cold to go to school
i do, but i would rather be on the beach and study biology.
i love being outdoors, but my three dogs and i like snow too.
yes i have two dogs.
i would love to have a dog, but i don't have one.
oh wow. i attended a university in the us, so i have not had to get out much
that is so cool. do you like animals?
that is great. i have a masters in biology, and i love it.
that is great. i am a veterinarian
i am sure you will. do you have any siblings?
i am sorry to hear that. they are both very passionate scientists
my parents are not good with science.
that is unfortunate. i am sure they would appreciate that
i am good. how about you?
i am good, just enjoying my favorite pizza, pizza.
nice! i am cooking dinner. i am eating some buffalo beef.
i work at a pediatric hospital.
i am a marketing consultant.
i am a registered nurse, a pediatric one. i don't like to do anything outside of the
i see. i have been to karaoke, but i love pizza.
i am enjoying watching one of the trees. its my favorite.
i like that! what is your favorite thing to do in your life?
i have two. do you have any?
that is good. i am currently working on a job.
i am a registered nurse so i have to take care of my son.
that is sad. do you have a best friend?
we have been together for
we have been together for
i am cooking a dish for my son.
i am having a hard time eating bacon and bacon.
i don't have bacon. i just want to make clothes for my parents.
i am going to be a bodybuilder. i need to wear clothes to keep fit
i was once arrested for stealing. i was then a thug.
oh that is unfortunate. i am sorry
my parents always had problems with me being a bodybuilder.
they are the only people i have. my mom does not like me at all
i have two kids. one is still in high school.
i don't have any siblings either but i do help with a lot of bodybuilding
that is great. i have a son. he is a toddler.
no i don't have any kids. i don't have time to have kids.
that is great. what do you do for a living?
i am. i am a general in a military.
very good. i think i might have to get a doctor soon.
great! just got back from a long drive from my favorite tv show, the office.
that is nice. i was just going to school for dance.
i have heard that it is called the city. i love the city.
that is very cool. i am a vegetarian. i am not religious, but i do listen to
i am a bit religious. i am an office worker. i don't eat anything.
do you speak any other languages?
no. its too slow.
i speak english, but i am also a rapper.
i speak several languages.
i know a lot about it. i like rap music
i love the office show, it is my favorite.
yeah i do but i like it more
i don't see it either. do you like to listen?
i am listening to music on my computer.
no i don't watch netflix.
hello, i am a kindergarten teacher.
i like to watch sports on tv.
i am a fitness fanatic. i am not big on sports.
no kids. i am engaged to be married
i am a fitness fanatic! i also enjoy swimming.
i am a college graduate. what do you do for a living?
do you like swimming? i love swimming on the weekends.
yes i do. what is your favorite sports?
i love swimming, my wife and i do it daily.
that sounds like a dream. i hope it works out for you.
i am also a fitness fanatic, my wife and i love kids.
i am sure it is. i don't watch much television.
i am an avid outdoorsman. i love nature.
do you have any kids?
well, my husband is a great person.
oh that is nice. i just got back from dance class.
i paint a lot. i am a gun person.
i am the only girl in the house! i have a dog named ralph.
oh no. i have to clean up after my two horses.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like horses?
i am nervous too. i am in a big city. i have horses.
oh, i hear ya. i hear you. tell me something about yourself.
are you worried about school?
i am not sure. what kind of questions do you have?
i wish i could do that. i don't have time to do it.
i paint in my spare time. i don't paint at all.
i paint with my horses, so i can paint them.
that is interesting. do you paint with all the time?
i am not really into relationships. my parents were firefighters and teachers.
that is a cute age! i am a high school dropout from wisconsin.
my parents are both firefighters
oh wow, i love snow! my favorite band is metallica.
i am a firefighter, as well as my two boys
my mom teaches middle school. she taught music, like metallica.
i don't. i am sorry to hear that. i grew up in the early days of the
wow! i am sorry. what happened?
i agree! i am also divorced and want to get out!
i am married and have two kids. do you have kids?
you have so many kids! what do you do for fun?
oh my. i bet you have kids?
it is, they are the best. i have always wanted to come back to my parents.
i do, i have a dog. what do you do for fun?
do you have any pets? i have a cat named arizona
my favorite is billie. i live in new york, you?
nice, i am a board game fan. i have been to new york a few times
i like to sing. i am a model.
what do you do for a living?
what do you do for work?
i live in new york. i have a home.
what do you do for a living?
it is a good way to raise money.
i hope you have a realtor job.
that is a good goal. you should make it famous.
i want to become a chef and star in a movie.
hi there! i am jordan. i am from california. i am from flor
i wish i had pets! i am a huge animal lover.
i don't have any pets. i am playing video games on the weekends.
i have two dogs, three cats, and a dog.
i love him too. he reads drama books.
what grade are you in? i am a teacher, so i am a math major.
my dad moved to california, so i am good at reading.
i am also an animal lover, so i am more than happy to have a job
i like detective shows too.
i am a computer nerd, i love to play games on my computer
i live in florida, i also live in fl
i live in wisconsin, i love it there!
that is nice i love the beach
i am great. just got done writing a romance novel. you?
i am allergic to cats. i am a dog stylist for dogs.
that is too bad. i love romance novels. i write them.
i am more of a dog person. do you have any pets?
i live on a island so i don't have a dog.
oh wow!! you must be very interesting... i am a british accent.
yes. i am married and i love writing.
i am not. i have been looking for my husband since i was 4.
i write about romance novels... i am an introvert.
no, i am retired and no grandchildren.
i have two cats. i have two dogs too.
haha. i have a british accent. i pretend to be a british guy
no. i am a male. i am a girl.
i am good how are you doing today?
pretty good, just got back from a long run. just finished a long run
what is it like to be stuck in traffic?
i like to eat ice cream and eat it when i am not eating it
i really like scotch i drink alot
not really. what else do you like to do?
you like scotch? i drink it all the time
that is really cool
i do too i don't like dogs
yes my husband and i are so close
i am sorry to hear that
he is a scared man i know
are you afraid of dogs? i love dogs
my husband is a wss and i love dogs too.
yeah, that is a bad attitude
i am doing well. just got home from my husband 4 times.
i have two cats and a dog and have been playing with them all day
i have a groomer i have a cat and a dog
cool. do you have any other hobbies? i love to exercise.
i am not really. i feel i am so unattractive
i am a pretty good cook. i also work out every morning.
very true. i try to follow a strict diet but sometimes it gets in the way of my clients
healthy and my diet.
i love to eat out, but i don't eat too much food
i eat a lot of healthy foods. i also write diet cookbooks.
you should try it. i am very ethical.
i eat a healthy diet, but exercise keeps me from doing it.
i feel good about eating mangoes
i am a professional dietician. it takes a lot of practice.
i am a professional hair stylist. i have been married 4 times. i am allergic.
i am great how are you?
i am doing well. i am just a 14 year old trans boy.
i am well, thanks for asking. how are you?
i am 14. i want to be an actor.
biology, what do you like to study?
i love animals but i hate cats! i am not sure what i want to be.
i am allergic to dogs.
i want to be an actor. i am 14 and i hate cats
i hope you are not a trans boy. i have a lot of experience as a marine biologist.
i am a girl. i love music and i like pink floyd
no, i just like music. i don't like it.
i love pink floyd too. i am only 14!
i don't. i just try to be imaginative and cool
great. i just finished a barbecue, how are you?
do you like cooking?
i like to watch horror movies. i love watching them.
i don't watch much. do you have any siblings?
that is good. i have to go watch some of the scary ones when i am not lifting weights
i wish i had time to shop. i am studying to be a lawyer.
i am going to make some barbecue and i need to go shopping.
i am getting older so i have to look at clothes. i am a poor student.
yeah, i have been doing it since i was a kid. i am learning.
i am studying law, i am a student so i can do some fun things
that sounds like a good job! i am going to college to be a chef
maybe. i don't have any siblings. do you?
oh, no! i hope you have a happy life!
hello, i am doing well. just got back from the office. how are you?
i am doing well. just sitting here watching a new york office show.
i am not religious. i like to pray for the welfare of the people.
i don't watch much tv. i am more into movies.
yes. i watch oldies music on my ipod.
do you like music? jazz music is my favorite.
i like the music i hear.
i like jazz. i live in new york. what about you?
i like the smoothness of it too. i live in chicago.
that is awesome! i love to eat sweets. i am a baker.
i love sweets! i am so hungry i am trying to find a barbeque restaurant.
what do you do for fun?
do you have any other interests? i am currently an administrative assistant.
i am a manager at a bank.
i am an administrative assistant, and you?
sure. i love cats! what do you paint?
oh no! i am not very good at painting, i like to paint in my spare time.
my dad is not my dad. i don't listen to my dad.
i am sorry. do you have a favorite?
no, i don't like him. he always wants me to eat onions.
no, he is a bad person.
i am a nurse. i will be a nurse.
i am a beauty queen. i wear a ring that i wear in my free time.
he will. he is an old man. he does not like me. i don't get along
i work in a grocery store. i have a few.
that is good. i eat a lot of onions.
i listen to taylor swift. she is my favorite singer.
that is a good name. what do you do for a living?
i would think so. i would not want to be in prison.
he is such a bummer. i would never want to be in prison.
i am good. how are you?
i am good. just practicing some new music. you?
i love to take pictures of everything, i am a photographer.
that is cool do you like it?
i am from new york, i grew up in it
i am a christian, i am from ohio. do you have any children?
do you eat anything sweet?
what kind of deli? i love sandwiches.
i don't eat very much. i eat more bread, and sweets
i love pickles, they are so good i even eat them on my break from eating them.
i do both, they are the best. i don't think they would ever be popular.
what is your favorite food? i like spicy food, but i don't like spicy food.
sweet is the best. i love a good snack.
yes i have! i love them, but i like pepper
i love that they are very sweet.
i am doing well. just got done with some dancing.
i am good, just packing up my things.
i have a dog that is a poodle and i love to dance
i have 3 dogs and two dogs, and i love animals
i have a cat, my dog is a husky.
i love cats, what is your favorite animal?
what kind of dance do you like? i dance with my sisters and my dog
that sounds fun, i am a dancer, how about you
it is, but i love music and i am a huge fan of music
that is awesome, what do you like to dance to?
shannon george, i like to dance to emo
wow that is a good group! what do you do for a living?
i enjoy skiing, i love to go on the weekends
i am doing okay. i just got done watching a movie.
i love civil war antiques! do you like to read?
i love watching my husband and i chat a lot. do you?
i am. are you married?
what is your reason for being a black widow?
i am a dog lover. i am an eccentric one.
i love dogs. do you like ice cream?
i love dogs. i have a lot of dogs
do you have any pets?
i am a dog person. you?
i am a homebody so i know about dogs.
they are very nice. i also like collecting antiques
do you like ice cream? i love it
i am good! just got home from school.
i am doing great! just got off work at a zoo. you?
i love to collect vintage 50s decorations, what do you do?
i love zoos. i love visiting them.
i like to collect vintage 50 s and antique 90s decorating.
i like teddy bears. i also have a large collection of teddy bears.
i collect vintage 50s decorations!
i had a lot of food. i had some green veggies and a few fruits.
i am too young to have kids, haha.
no. i just did not have anything else planned.
no kids yet. i am going to hairdresser school. you?
two girls, one boy and one boy. do you have any pets?
i am 32. do you have any siblings?
i am doing great, how are you?
i am ok. i just got home from the hospital. you?
that sounds like fun. i lift weights a lot.
i love horror movies. i love them too.
i like to make burgers and watch them.
i like banana bread. i enjoy eating it while working at the hospital.
that sounds good. i don't eat much protein.
yeah that is cool. i would love to go to the races.
that is a nice way to keep from falling. i am tall.
i wish i could climb higher. i am so tall.
i am too short to lift anything.
oh wow. you sound like a really nice person.
i bet you are a big guy, i lift weights every weekend.
oh, that is awesome. i don't talk to people like that
i know. what are you doing?
good! i just finished eating my favorite dish, eggplant parmigiana.
i am cooking some steak.
it was good. i have a huge beef craving, but i am not a big meat eater.
i see, i have a bible in my truck.
no, he does not. he just goes to the spiritual center.
i drive a ford pickup truck. i am from the us.
do you own any stocks?
i bet it does. i am in the right place.
i have a dog. he is a dragon.
no, i have three. i have one brother and a daughter.
that is horrible.
i hunt and fish for my family. i am a fisherman.
my parents moved to australia to live with my brothers and sisters.
i love to play softball. what about you?
i have always wanted to be a karate instructor. i love to hunt.
you are right. i would be a preacher too, but i have to be careful
i am a hard working preacher and i hope to be a pastor someday
i am not really. i am cooking my dinner and eating italian food
i drive to church every sunday and drive to my local church.
do you sing? i sing to my choir too!
they do. i would love to learn about it.
i agree. i would not want to see them play sports like they do
sounds like fun. what do you like to do for fun?
yeah it is. do you have a favorite food?
you can.. i am a hunter, so i can be trained.
i am good with my favorite dish
i know right? i would be the same way. i am always on the lookout for good guys
i can only afford a bowl of stewed beef stew
i am doing well, just got home from traveling and enjoying my big garden
i love spending time with my kids, they are my spare time
that is awesome! what do you do for fun?
do you have any children?
i am a gardener, i love my garden
i like cooking all day. what do you like to cook?
i don't i am a biology major so i have lots of free time
that is awesome. i am a business owner. i love it.
how do you do it?
i like to walk too. my kids like to read and watch movies.
i love that company too. i have traveled to six countries so far
yes i do. it is fun.
what do you do for work
i make my own meals every day
that is nice to do that
good. just got back from a long hike.
i don't like it. i am still in sales.
that is a great way to spend the day. do you have any hobbies?
yes i love the outdoors especially in the summer
i like all types of music. what do you do for work?
i sell computers, mostly graphic design. i love it
oh wow! what other hobbies do you have?
i like to listen to music. i love music too.
i love different foods. i love weird food!
i am a huge meat eater, what kind of meat do you like?
i would love to learn how to draw! what kind of marriage?
i am single, but my husband and i are going to a wedding next month
i am sure it will be fine. what are you going to do for fun?
wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we have been married for about a year now. i don't eat dairy.
i am doing great. just got back from a park and i am enjoying my lunch.
it was alright, i am lucy, just got back from breakfast
i had a good cup of milk, but i am a bit of a night person.
i had a chocolate chip and candy before, which is pretty good
i am in a band, i play in the band. do you like music?
i am fine, i just got back from the gym, i am a very active person.
i am just a little under the sea, so i have not been to the beach yet.
thanks, i am glad to hear that. what are you going to do for me?
i have a bad day. but i have to go. i am happy with it.
i have dream come true. i was on the soccer team. i am a secretary.
i am a trainer and a swimmer.
i love super heros, but i am not a super hero.
you don't need to be in the air all the time. you will be safe.
lol i see. i am scared of heights
i have a tail so i just go out and ride.
i am well. i just got home from school.
i am good. just hanging out with my 3 girls.
yes i am married and want to be a doctor.
oh wow that is great i am divorced and am divorced
i am only 17 but i want to be a doctor someday
i love my three kids and no trust better
do you have any kids?
female i am sorry but i have three girls
i am a little boy. i am 17 and a senior.
i was born male but i am a girl
i am 18 and a senior
oh wow that is cool. i am from the late was
how many kids did you have?
i am 36 years old
well i am 21 and i am a comedian, so i am not sure i am good at comedy
i am at home too, my mom and dad are both retired.
good. just got done eating some ice cream. i love ice cream!
i love meat and i like to eat it!
i am not a huge red meat fan. i don't like working out.
i am retired and still love it. i am trying to go hiking
oh that is a long time ago.
he works in the hospital. he is retired.
how many years do you have?
i enjoy camping on the weekends.
i go camping every weekend.
yes i go to national parks when i can.
i love going to the movies and tv
i go to the back yard and hike to the back
that is pretty far
yeah i love it
hello, i am good. what are you up to today?
i am well. just got done working as a manager. how about you?
i am tired, what is your name
i don't like cheese and i hate it.
i like new york so i am from new york
i grew up in wisconsin and now live in california
i am a virgin now
i am male, i am from the same state as me, how about you?
oh, i am a male. i am in a relationship
i grew up in wisconsin. where are you from?
no brothers, i am not the same person
i have two brothers, they play soccer in wisconsin
i am an older sister. i am also an older sister
i am 37. i work as a manager
i don't know what to say
in the future. i want to live in a tiny world
i would love to live in ohio. how old are you?
great. i just got back from my summer vacation.
i would love to live in ohio, but i am working as an accountant.
i like to drive all kinds, but i am more into model cars
that is good, my 2 boys like to drive mustangs too.
i do, i love photography.
that is great. i am an accountant, but i am a single mom so it is hard
i guess you could say that. what are you asking me about
you are a rude person!
it is because my favorite movie is the titanic 10.
yes i have seen it. it is a good one.
i love models cars!
no, but i like the cars i build.
i have seen the movie titanic ten times. i love cars!
i am good. just got home from church. you?
i am doing good, just knitting my favorite hats.
that is great. i am the oldest of my family.
i work at a shelter for disabled people
i bet. i am lucky enough to have a lot of flexibility.
i don't think i would have the courage to try
i am a retired ford mechanic so i am not very conservative
i am a nurse but my wheelchair is a problem
that would be awesome. i am going to school to be a doctor.
i am a huge fan of cooking, and baking
i really like to cook, but i have not been able to afford one yet.
yeah i think that is true
i hear you. i pray to the lord.
i don't have to work now. i will make you a hat for me.
that is true. you should be a minister.
thank you, i agree. it is the only faith in this world
i agree. what are your hobbies?
i read and watch television. i am a blogger.
that sounds like a fun job.
it is. i love to read too.
i don't read, but i do read the bible
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
i am great. i am repairing classic cars. i love them!
cool, i live in a house with four of my siblings.
cool.... my father is a real estate agent.
wow, i eat sea food! do you eat shellfish?
i hear you. i am allergic to shellfish.
well that is not good. i will have to look into that
i am sure you get puffy from the fumes.
do you bet they do?
they said they ate some shellfish, and then they stopped.
i have a glass of water, it is great
do you have a car?
i own a truck, i love it
i am doing good. just got off work at mcdonalds. how about you?
doing well. just finished making dinner.
what are you doing?
i like to watch movies, but i am too bored
i am looking for work. what do you do?
i have a husband and two kids
that is sad. i am sorry to hear that
do you have any siblings
that is what i do for a living. i am a teacher
i am trying to figure out a way to pay off my loans
i would love to help, but my parents don't want me either.
yes, but i am so lucky i have enough money to afford it
you are right, those are terrible.
i am great! how are you?
i am doing ok, just about to go to bed.
i am sorry to hear that. i am really sorry.
i am in the 2nd grade, but i am angry because of my sister.
that is rough, do they get along? i don't have siblings.
you know i am sorry. what grade are you in?
i love music too, i am a student.
i like all kinds. what do you like?
that is cool i like to dance as well.
i have to draw. i am 5 feet tall so i don't have time.
what kind of music do you play?
no, i don't. i am a student.
i like to dance and play in a band.
that is great. i am a 5 foot tall person
i am 5 foot 2. how about you?
hi! i am doing great! just relaxing. how are you?
i am doing well. do you play ultimate frisbee?
awesome. do you like game?
yes, but i love the park
that is not funny. i am more into the card game.
my parents are living in bora, so that makes sense.
i have to do some jiujitsu to relieve my stress, but i like to exercise.
okay that is good. i am very outgoing
i am a huge jujitsu fan, so i know how to put jujitsu on my
i live in bora, i want to move out
in my hometown, so i go to college and i hope to be a teacher
i have never been there, do you like summer?
summer is the best. i go to the park every spring.
i am great how are you?
wow that is amazing! i live in florida, what is it like there?
i work at hollister in fl. i was born there
oh nice. i love music. i am also a musician.
i love bluegrass music. i play it every day
what is your favorite instrument? mine is the guitar.
i don't read but i have a tail that was removed
i am sorry to hear that. i just play video games
its a little long, but i am pretty good with it
i love sports. i love sports, and baseball. i play baseball.
you like sports? i was in the olympics.
i love summer sports too. i am a professional athlete.
do you like movies
i like watching movies with my husband and i like drama
i like to do a lot of things besides skater
i like music, and listening to horses.
i love horses too, i am a musician
running is great exercise
i don't like running much. i like music and would like to try that
i listen to nirvana all the time
i love to shoot them.
my dad is a dealership mechanic. he had a car dealership
i run a lot and listen to nirvana
no i just get them for my kids
what movie do you like?
yes, i do but i don't have a place to hang out
that is cool. i enjoy spending time on the beach
i go to the beach every summer
i am a singer
i am more into eating animal food
i am from the south. you?
i am in the army. i am in new york.
where are you from? my mother is from there.
i am a big brother, how about you?
i am from the south, i am the youngest of six brothers
i have to go. i was born in puerto rico, but i am in the army
wow that is a big fort
wow, how did you die?
i am very nice
you should know how many people there are.
i am older than my brother and i am in our 50s
that is a big group. i have a lot of sisters and brothers.
i do, i love rap music
i like country, country music is my favorite.
i like to cook
i am great. just finished a science fiction novel. you?
i write stories for a living. i used to write.
i have been a science fiction author and graduated with a degree in engineering.
that is nice. what else do you like to do?
i am a scientist. i am married and don't have any kids
i like to dance. what about you
i love snakes and snakes, what about you?
i am an author. what are your hobbies?
i don't have any children
that is cool do you think kids would be?
i don't think i have any kids yet. i am married and don't have kids
i am from edris island, but i live in the midwest
i am from california, i swim in the ocean
that is so cool. i do too. i dance all day and sleep.
yes, i am. i work as a scientist.
i love pork chops! i am a hair stylist.
i am doing okay. just got back from hiking.
that is nice. what do you do for fun?
hiking is my favorite. i love hiking and camping.
oh nice. i have 3 dogs.
i love meat. i eat it everyday. i like hiking.
my hair is pretty but my kids think it is too long.
i go camping. i hike and camp and eat.
we all do. christmas is a great holiday.
i love hiking and camping too. i am a hunter.
no, i am a hair stylist and i always have hair.
my mom does not sing but i do hairdress all day.
it is good. i like christmas a lot but i am not happy.
what are you talking about?
yes i agree. you are welcome.
hi i am a father, i study abroad
what do you do for work?
i don't have a family, i just work at home.
i am a single parent, do you like it?
i am a first time dad, and i am proud of it.
yes i am, i save a lot of money
i wish i could afford a computer.
what do you do for work
i like the titanic ten times but i have never seen it
i am sure he is funny
i wish i had done something bad.
it was a cow bite. i don't like it
that is great. what was that like?
you can live in the woods. i love it
i have never been. i am scared of bears, but i know they are scary.
i am a stay at home mom and i am a stay at home dad.
i work part time at a restaurant.
oh wow, that is a lot of work!
i have five older brothers and six younger sisters.
i have two siblings.
nice, what do you do in your free time?
i like to listen to music, i love it
i like paranormal romance and paranormal romances
i am a big fan of the family
i have six older sisters and one younger brother so that is a lot of experience
i am tall because i am 5 foot
that is scary. i have a stutter when i am excited.
that is okay i will try to explain it
i do like to read paranormal romances but i don't really have time for music.
i like to listen to jazz and blues
i am good! i am doing some cross stitch today.
i am just a little bit older than my sister, but she is still alive.
nice. i am a retired army veteran.
oh, i have a sister and my brother, and i am single.
oh, i bet they are proud of their country and have good times.
wow. i live with my parents. i don't have a boat.
oh, i love the island. i love the country.
it is on edris island. what is your favorite dance?
no, i don't. i am a baby boomer.
i am a girl. i am 16.
i am a healthy woman of a lean body.
i am also a little biased. i love dancing.
oh, it is fun to do.
i like to go out with my family.
i wish he was more cute. i am sure he would have been proud of you.
i am good thanks and you?
what are you going to do
yeah i am not sure what to do with the money
do you have any other hobbies?
that sounds like a lot of work
i have been to middle school and all but no one has money
i will do that, i will do that, that is my british accent
how old are you?
what else do you think?
do you like people?
i don't think so, i am very weird
i am going to be a 14 year old
i am a super hero like you!
hi john, i am jessie.
hello marie, i love animals, and frisbees.
yes i love animals, i am a nurse.
i am a huge animal person myself
that is cute. i have two dogs and one cat.
do you play any frisbee?
i don't. i do nurse work as a nurse
i love frisbees. i just bought one.
i help people. i also help with the elderly.
i am a stay at home mom, do you have a lot of kids?
i have a passion for caring for people. what do you do?
i like playing frisbee. i have a dog.
i am a nurse. i love helping people and caring for them.
i would love to! i am not really into it. i am a teacher.
yes i do. i am a nurse. so i am a caring person.
i am doing well, just relaxing with my ed sheeran fan
nice to meet you! what do you do for fun?
i am learning to play cards. i also play poker
i am the real estate agent and have been since i was 34
oh cool. i have no kids. i am a huge ed sheeran fan, but have a
i am more into working on the body than the mind!
it can be. my strength is in my strength. it is my strength.
that is good to know! i am sure it will take a while!
i am 37, i love ed sheeran. i play it a lot.
i have not heard of ed sheeran. he is the strongest man in the world.
i am in between hobbies, i am learning to play poker
i am not sure. i have been looking for a hobby that can help me out.
cool! i have to go to my local bath
i go to school every year for my environmental studies.
i never did. i like to play poker.
i am a lawyer. i have been in the army.
wow! my brothers and sisters are stationed in the family.
i don't. my mother was not my life.
i am a student. i want to be a successful lawyer.
that is awesome. i have many friends that i don't have.
i enjoy it. i am trying to be successful.
that sounds fun. i am a colorblind so i am more into singing.
i see. i am a student so i will do that. what color are you?
i am in a good mood.
that is really cool. i am not really a fan of reds and greens.
it helps me to see things in color.
oh, i see. that is why you are so blind.
yes, i went into the army as a student.
i am a student. i like to be an expert in my own mind.
oh that is good. i am not a lawyer.
i am doing well. just finished teaching kindergarten.
oh, nice. i am in school. how are you?
i am working at a bank, that is my job
i am a teacher at a private school, but i work part time at a local restaurant
that is cool. i have been to north dakota a lot
i have. i am from there too.
i bet they are very wealthy!
i don't think they have any, but i don't think they have different opinions
yeah i have been in a few cases
i would not say that i have any particular hobbies, i like to read and cook.
i like to travel and study.
i like to cook for the family
i like to cook for family
i like to read. i am a republican.
that is a realist, i am sure you will find it.
i am doing well. how are you?
its going good. how about you?
i love dogs! i love them so much.
i love horses but i don't have any
i love horses. i am a huge fan of romance books and movies
me too. i like horses too
oh i have no kids, i want to be a chef
lol i can shave my left leg
that is weird. i like to read romance novels and movies. i don't have any pets.
i love to read but i am too old to read
i am a pretty young woman. i have two brothers and a sister.
i like listening to my mind
do you have a passion for cooking?
what do you like to cook
i would love to be a chef. i love to gamble
what is your favorite dish?
me too! i am cooking some food from my garden.
i just finished shopping and got ready for school.
what kind of clothes do you like
that is awesome. i am currently in high school, i want to go to college next year.
wow that is interesting. what do you do for fun?
i am not sure. i am a junior in high school.
oh wow nice to meet you
i am sorry to hear that. i am so sorry.
he is an american musician
that is cool. i like music too.
cool. i also like to go out and cook
i am 17 and i am in high school.
that sounds exciting! i love it
it is. i love shopping for clothes.
i am a poker player. i am married and i don't have many friends.
sure, i have a computer, and i bet. what do you do?
cool! i have been drinking all my life and stopped. i am sorry!
you are right. i just decided to quit my job.
i am sure you are! my wife and three kids have lots of friends.
it is my favorite food. eggsplant parmigiana is my favorite
i am sorry to hear that. do you work?
i have to travel to australia, my brothers and sisters live there.
i am sorry to hear that. do you eat vegan? i am vegan.
i don't eat meat, i don't like meat either.
i have been to australia once and it was beautiful.
i am from the east coast.
nice! do you have any kids? i have 3.
yeah. i will. i plan on going to have a nice picnic sometime.
are you always up for anything? i don't know if i could help you.
hello, i am good. how are you today?
i am doing okay, just got home from work. i work at mcdonalds.
oh wow. i love my parents. do you have any pets?
no, i don't have any. i am trying to get a job.
i have three dogs. they are so cute.
what do you do for work?
what do you do for fun?
not sure yet.
okay do you have a conversation with your friends
what do you want to do tonight?
i don't have time for that.
i watch tv a lot.
yes i love watching football on sundays
that is cool what do you watch?
oh i understand i like you
i love to cook and bake.
i am well. i am in europe. i am thinking about going to europe.
i don't have a job because of a disability.
that sounds lovely! i would love to travel.
i am disabled, i cannot work at a hospital because of a disability.
i love to read, i love to travel and have to read too.
i also listen to country music on my cell phones
i am a huge foodie, but i eat a lot of italian food.
i love sweets.
i have a big dog.
i have a dog named gracie.
that is awesome! i love cake!
i love a strawberry cake, and a red and blueberry cake.
i will make it a cake for you!
i don't really have any, i don't like pumpkin.
i am doing good. how are you?
i am great. i am a fashion designer.
i am listening to some oldies music
you sound like a grown woman.
i love oldies food
my best friend took my mom in high school, and my best friend took my boyfriend in high school
i am sure they will. i am 30, so i need to retire in five years
that sounds like a fun time.
i am in the south carolina
great place. i live in a nice house.
what do you do for a living?
i am a designer
nice.... i am going to the party tonight.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am great. i am just listening to some music.
i am just serving in the army in south korea
nice do you have any spare time
i am a military veteran and i work with my family.
that is a shame i guess
yes, i am serving in the army.
i bet it is. i am just internet savvy.
you are welcome. i am serving in the army so it is hard.
i work at a beachfront office.
that is pretty awesome i am a very hard worker
yes it is. so what do you do for fun
yeah i have been in the army i understand
oh cool. i am not much into sports.
i guess so.
i am doing great, how are you?
i am well. just chilling. i am homechooled
i listen to music all the time and my family has 4
i am pretty good. i am homechooled and work as a home teacher.
not much. i am five feet tall, so i am pretty skinny.
i am homechooled. i listen to music and paint.
my family has 4 of them. do you have any siblings?
that is cool i am homeschooled so i am a bit of a robot.
my twin is a robot, he is 5 feet tall.
i am homeschooled, i don't have a car. i am a blue haired teenager
i like blue eyes. i don't have any.
its my best friend, she is a robot.
that is not nice. i don't have to work.
i don't like blue eyes
yeah it is a lot of fun to have a family.
hello, i am doing great! what are you up to?
i am doing well. just trying to focus on school.
oh, i hear that. i am sorry. i am a mom of two kids.
a good job. i am looking for something different
i am a home health care worker. i have a business.
yes, i work at mcdonalds
what do you mean that you are not? i am a single mom.
i am 18 and live with my parents
i am sixteen. what about you?
i did, i was raised by my uncle and aunt
where do you work?
that would be great. i love being around people.
yeah i am a mom of a kids. i work at a restaurant
it is hard to find a job
what do you do for a living?
i just finished drinking some wine. how are you?
i just got back from surfing and skydiving
i am in florida. i live in florida.
i am from california. i am moving to new york city next year.
oh wow. i am scared to move here.
i would love to move to new york city, my dream is to be an actor.
that sounds very interesting. do you have any hobbies?
i love to surf and skate and i am in new york city.
i am a fisherman myself, i love to fish
i have a good singing voice. i am an actor
i am a singer too, so i don't have a voice but i do like to play board
that is cool. i am also a model and acting so i can sing too.
i don't have a lot of time to sing.
oh nice. i don't sing much. i live in california and i am a model
my brother is married, so he would love to be a friend.
i am doing good, thank you. what about you?
i am doing great, what do you do for a living?
that is nice. do you like serving your country?
i am a member of the volunteer force in south korea.
i am old, i am about to retire soon.
well, i am in a good place now.
i try to stay away from my legs and face
i am sorry, do you feel pain?
no i don't have any horses
i work in a hospital. i don't get to do much
i hope to retire soon, i am hiding a secret
i am not much of a loud person.
that is not good. i can imagine. i am a woman who wears my hair all the time
i have short hair. i am a huge fan of short hair
that is why i cannot do it anymore
good, just got back from my day off. how about you?
i am a parent, i read a lot and exercise alot.
i love fashion and its fun.
what kind of fashion? i love cooking
that is so cool! i want kids but not right time in my life!
my gym membership is for exercise. i exercise daily.
oh that is great! i was arrested for stealing.
no i don't.. i don't have any children... but i have two cats
i have not gone to jail yet.
maybe you should try to do something like that...
i am a fashion designer. i love fashion.
i have a real passion for fashion.
what is versace?
hi! i am good how are you?
i am from california! i love it here. i have never been to california
i am in california. i am moving soon
oh nice! where do you live? i am from florida, but moved to ontario
i am a model and actor. you?
i am a turtle. i love it! you?
that sounds interesting, i surf too! i love to skate
i like to surf. i enjoy the weather.
what city are you from? i love surfing and skateboarding.
i love skating, so it is not that bad.
flipping and surfing. its fun.
i named my turtle timothy.
no, i don't, i don't have any.
i am not a nurse, but i do love my cats
i am sorry. do you have any pets?
i have a cat named cat. he is so adorable.
i don't have any pets. i am a mom.
they cook for me. i don't cook.
my two kids are cooking for me too.
i am a cook. i am unhappy with my weight.
i don't like working out.
i am happy for you. i don't have time for work either.
yes i do, its really important.
no, i don't. i don't have a soul. i am miserable.
oh okay. i guess so.
no, i don't. i don't sing.
i am old enough to walk, i am retired.
i have a brother and a bodybuilder so i know.
i like to walk my cat when i am not working.
it is a little strange. i like cats.
i am retired, so i have no time for it.
i am retired too. but i am a bodybuilder.
my dad is a banker. i like to go for walks with him.
i am a bodybuilder, so i am learning how to knit.
i have a masters degree in banking.
i have been training for a while. i could never do that.
oh man, you are so hungry.
i am a bodybuilder, so i eat alot of red meat.
i am a health nut so i make a lot of quilts
no i am into it now. its been nice talking to you.
that is cool how long have you been together
hello, i am okay. i just got done with some singing.
i am going to the ocean to find lost arctic explorers
wow what do you do for a living
that is cool, do you work? i used to be a teacher
she is but i have a stray cat
what is your cat name? i like the name ice fish
not really, but i do sing folk songs and sing
my kids are teachers. you are welcome
i bet that is fun! do you have any bet?
i think i am in the cold
that is why you should stop teaching your kids
middle school, and i was in a class about ice fishing
that sucks. i would rather not go outside
i am a bear. i am also a geologist, i am sad.
that is really cool. what do you like to do for fun?
i am good. just eating a steak. i am not good with meat
i am pretty good, just eating chicken and drinking water.
oh, i have a hard time with meat. i am a bodybuilder.
what kind of steak do you like?
i don't play sports but i am a bodybuilder.
i do. i live in texas.
no i am too busy. i am a doctor. what do you do?
i am in a track team. do you like sports?
where do you work?
i am a student. i am trying to get into tae kwan do.
yes i am, i am a doctor. i am also a bodybuilder.
i don't, but my dad taches tae kwan do.
she is very talented. i would love to be a bodybuilder.
i understand. i am in a doctor class. do you teach or work?
a doctor. what do you do?
it is pretty good. how are you?
i am doing great. how are you?
oh no. i have been sleeping all night.
i was actually in a bad situation when i was younger.
that is nice! i enjoy cold weather and snow
i love plants too! i am an environmentalist.
green is cool, i love snow though, especially when it is cold.
you have a lot of family. it is hard to find homes in the winter
i do, but i am a manager at a consulting firm.
do you have any hobbies?
my favorite band is metallica. i play the guitar.
i am an artist, what are your hobbies?
he is. i am also going to see the band metallica.
i love metallica, and metallica is my favorite.
not really. they are my favorite.
i am doing great, just watching my dogs and swimming.
i would love to be able to return to my boat.
that is nice. i don't like to go fishing at all.
i am a geologist. i would love to find a long lost arctic explorer.
i have been doing it for a few years. i have a big sweet tooth.
i hunt for them. we are both arctic explorers.
that is so sweet. i love them. i like the smell of sweeties.
i do. i am a geologist.
i also like taking pictures of things.
that sounds exciting. i also love to take photos of my family.
i don't get along with narcissists, i have a big sweet tooth.
i am an arctic explorer, but i also hunt polar bears for food.
i do too. i dance in a club.
i like to dance, but i have never been to arctic sea.
i am more of a dark person, but i try to avoid dark places.
i am doing well, how about you?
i am good, i just got done designing clothes for a fashion company.
cool! i am retired from banking and i work on sewing quilts.
i am not yet. i am in college. my best friend took my boyfriend in high school
that sounds awesome! do you have any hobbies?
i like to skateboard
that is a lot of free time.
i have a son. i am currently pregnant.
yes i am. do you have kids?
what do you do?
maybe someday. it is okay. i am divorced but i still love my husband.
he cheated on me.
oh no! sorry. i am sorry. what is wrong?
it is going good. i am going to the rink. what do you do for fun?
that sounds fun. i have a lot of kids.
i don't have time for anything
i am a stay at home mom. my husband and i make homemade meals every day.
that is cool. what is your favorite kids?
3 kids. i have a son and a daughter.
you are a very busy mother. i am a professional skater.
i don't have the time for parenthood. i am just a competitive cook.
thank you! do you have any kids?
i can do that, but i need to make sure that i make sure i make sure that my
yes it does, do you like kids?
i don't have kids. i love cooking and eating homemade meals
that sounds like a lot of fun. i wish i had kids
that is what i tell them. i am a proud wife and mom of kids.
i like to skate and also do skates.
it was the best thing ever. i am home with my best friend.
i am a student, i am a lot of fun.
sometimes. i travel with my best friend, and i love it!
i love rap music. i am 22 and i love to hang out with my friends.
i do, i love to paint.
what do you do for a living?
i am. i am homeschooled, but i am a robot.
i have a pretty large family. i have a pretty large family.
i am a bit of a nerd myself. i am homeschooled.
what do you do for a living?
i am currently in college.
i live in a dorm. i live alone.
i am homeschooled and have been homeschooled for about a year.
that is beautiful. do you enjoy it there?
i am not sure what state is florida state. i would not know if i would be
hello, i am good. i am a salesperson.
i am a pimp. i love to be a pimp.
no, i don't have kids, i don't have any hobbies.
i have to walk to school because i am 5 foot tall.
i understand, i am a graphic designer. i am a huge music fan.
i love rush! i love playing the piano. i am a great guitarist.
that is cool. i am going to be the shortest wedding ever!
i like veggies, but i have to eat them everyday.
that is awesome. i am a pimp and my friend took me for a vegan meal.
i am not sure. my parents are too busy with school to do that.
i am a huge veggie fan! i eat too much, so i just eat veggies
what kind of meat do you like?
what do you do for work?
cool! i would love to hear that. do you like music?
you will. we can do it all... do you own a house?
pretty good. just getting my hair done.
no i have a beard that i cut
i am well, i just got done with my hair collection.
what do you do for a living?
i am a horse trainer, but i love riding horses
i restore classic cars
that is good. i don't have a job anymore
i am a retired mechanic
yes i am, i am retired now
i have to work in the auto industry, i am a handyman
i would like to be a millionaire but i am not that good at it
oh nice! i am hunting and repairing classic cars
do you have a loner face?
i am good. i am single. you?
i am fine. i am praying for her.
what do you do for a living? i am a student
i have not even been to a catholic church since i was a kid
oh wow. i grew up in a very strict church.
that is a shame i am a registered nurse so i am so glad i am not in a divorce
yes but i am studying to become a lawyer
do you have a job? i am a registered nurse
i am a lawyer so i don't have to worry about my students getting sick
that is so exciting, i hope to be a lawyer too
thanks. i am a student so i am sure it will work out.
do you have a girlfriend? i am married
what do you do for a living?
that is true, i am going to have a million dollars to go out and see one tree hill
i am studying to be a lawyer.
i am good, just got finished studying. what are you up to?
i just finished watching ultimate frisbee. how about you?
i love football! do you like sports?
no, but i don't like it. how are you?
what do you like to do for fun?
cool! what are you up to today?
that is cool. what is your favorite team?
that is what my turtles do
yeah i love rap music so much
i like politics but its tough
i like rap music too
i have a pet turtle named timothy
no i don't i have a roommate
i have a turtle named timothy. i have two turtles
i have a friend who can take care of one
i am great, thank you. how are you?
i am retired from banking.
nice. do you have any hobbies?
i sew, i sew and sew and sew and sew and sew.
oh nice! i spend my days watching tv on youtube. you?
yes i watch tv. what about you?
i like cats. i have 2, i don't have any pets.
she is a cute little cat. i have a cat named kitty.
i have a cat named tupac. do you have any hobbies?
my name is nancy. how about you?
i am so sorry to hear that. what kind of cat are you?
yes, i travel a lot. i am retired.
i am in texas. i am working on my first life.
great! just finished a long day of cooking
i am good thanks for asking. i just finished eating dinner.
i am making chicken and veggies. you?
what else do you enjoy doing?
do you like halloween? i lift weights every weekend
no i am not. i met my best friend last year. she was in kindergarten
i will meet you there
i am a vegetarian so i stay in shape
i am a vegetarian too. do you eat meat? i lift weights to be honest
i am sure you will. what else do you like?
i like to watch movies too. they are my favorite.
i do. my best friend loves it.
that is really cool. i like to watch horror movies.
i traveled to many countries.
that is really cool. i also like to eat vegan food
great! just finished a program that helps troubled youth
i am taking a class with jujitsu i like it
cool! i love food! my favorite food is pasta.
i love italian food
do you have any hobbies? i love to sing.
i love cards i play in my pool
i also play cards. do you play any other games?
i have never heard of it. do you have a favorite?
i like to play cards and sing in a choir.
i love it. i play it with my friends in a choir
i like playing cards. i also like to sing in choir.
i am a huge sucker for jujitsu.
you win. you play the magician
that sounds like a lot of fun
do you have a computer
hello, i am in ohio. i am an accountant.
that is good, i am homeschooled and my kids live with me
yes! i have a hiking honda civic. i like it!
i am also a home school teacher, so i am writing a book about the sun.
i drive a honda civic, it is beautiful.
i am a blue haired teenager. i love to shop.
i love blue hair. do you have any favorite foods?
light blue. i have a lot of friends that are blue haired.
i know a lot of blue. i am a single mom of two boys.
just about anything. my color is blue.
it is dark green. i wear it when i am hiking.
what do you like to do for fun?
no, i am not. i have not learned to sing.
i am homeschooled, and i teach law.
my son and i live in ohio. i am a single mom.
that is nice of you to say that. i love you too!
me too. i play poker with my wife and kids.
i do. i travel a lot. i am a first year biology major.
i used to travel... but i stopped 5 years ago
what do you do for a living?
i am a carpenter. i am retired.
i grew up in a huge garden, i love to garden
i love to go fishing and going fishing with my wife.
sounds fun! i am also into traveling and teaching biology.
i like to go fishing. what do you do for a living?
i am a college biology major.
nice. i am a carpenter. i love it.
what do you do for a living?
i am in cali, you? i enjoy playing poker
i live in a house i live in
i am a lawyer, i am also afraid of heights
i have a dog, he is named hiker.
i am a girl. i have phobia of heights.
i hate being still. i like to build things with my hands
i am afraid of heights. i am afraid of my 2 dogs.
no i have not. i don't have kids, but i do build things.
do you like animals? i am a christian but i am afraid of heights.
i like to build things with my hands.
i like to take photos of animals and other creatures. i am a photographer
that is cool. i like to build things with my hands!
i like to take pictures of animals and my dogs.
i like birdhouses. they are so nice!
i am also afraid of heights.
hello, i am an accountant
i am an arctic explorer so i have to hunt and fish
i love to walk outside
i used to sell ice to people
yeah it is, i have a snowball fight
it is not cold enough for me to travel
i live in the south but i want to move to baltimore
nice i love the place
i have been there i think i am getting hot
i bet you got a lot of gambling in your life
i do, i like sports
i do like movies but i don't watch them much
i do. i like all genres
i see. what is your favorite movie?
not really, but i am always looking for new ways to help
i am doing great, drinking scotch. you?
i am good how are you doing today
i am always writing short stories for a living.
that sounds like a lot of work. i am a listener and i am doing great.
thank you. it is. i am not very good at writing.
i like movies like the one in the new short story.
i like dark superhero movies as well.
i am vegan but i don't like meat.
i don't like food either.
i like rap music, but i don't like rap music
that sounds fun i am a big fan of that.
that sounds like fun!
i used to work at a carnival but i never got around to it
that is cool. what do you write about?
anything i could write about. i don't write stories myself
no i don't. i am a student.
what do you do for a living?
yes, i want to be a marine biologist.
oh that is sad. i enjoy painting in my spare time.
i grew up in the united states, where i learned about it.
no, i live in a big city.
cool. i have been to the us a few times, but mostly i just want to be a
i am in class right now. i cannot wait to get started!
no, i have never heard of them.
cool, you sound like a cute cat. i love cats. i live in a big city.
i am not sure if we can have a good relationship.
oh i see. are you alive? i have a horse but its not a life.
you should come and i will be in texas. i want to be a marine biologist.
yes, i am going to buy my own apartment. i need a rent.
i would like to paint a mural of a whale!
i am a singer in a popular band.
that is cool i like singing and i sing and write
i was born in 2000, i don't have a family yet
i write romance novels i am introverted
what kind of stories? i am a writer.
i write fantasy novels. i am an introvert
that sounds like a fun island life
yes, i don't have money for it
what do you do for fun?
it is. what kind of books do you write?
yes it was, i am in a band, i like to party when i am not playing gigs
it is, i write a lot of romance novels
you must be traveling fast, i am in my mid 20s
that sounds like a very nice memory
yeah it was nice talking to you
hi! i am doing great, how are you?
i am good. i am driving a forklift.
i am a kindergarten teacher, so i am also a cat person.
that is really cute! do you have any pets?
my name is jenny. do you have any pets?
wow, that is awesome! i have always wanted to be like layla!
wow! that is pretty cool. i have a family.
yes i am from the midwest. i am from the midwest too.
what is your favorite pet?
i don't, but i like to watch scary movies.
i love horror movies. i like scary movies.
i like to watch them when i am not working.
i am a teacher. i like to crochet.
i am a big fan of different opinions.
i am glad you like it. i am a kindergarten teacher.
what is your favorite holiday? i like christmas.
that sounds good. i also enjoy working out with horses.
you have to go horseback riding in a short time
wow, what do you do for work? i am a farmer.
yes, i have a garden and beans are good
that sounds like fun! i enjoy that too.
yes i would love to have a birthday present for christmas
i am not too happy about christmas, i love to do that too.
what do you do for work?
i understand that. what is wrong with you?
it was okay, i am also a cold person
i was raised on a large ranch so i know that...
thanks. i am sure you will keep your fingers crossed.
hi, i am doing well, how are you?
i am good. just got a new job, what about you?
cool! i am in high school. i want to be a doctor when i grow up.
that is awesome! i am a teacher at a small college
i am a doctor and i want to be a doctor.
oh cool. i ride my bike a lot
i like to shop and wear clothes. do you have a car?
i am sorry to hear that. i have two kids and a grandparent
blue. i have a 3 year old daughter.
that is very cool
that is a lot. i am a senior.
i have 5 grandchildren and 4 grandchildren
i have a dog, cat and dog.
i have three dogs and one cat
that is a lot of grand kids
what is your favorite hobby?
i am very studious and don't like to party or drink.
i like to listen to country music while i am cooking.
country is great, i like country music.
that is not a good thing to do. i am too busy being a vegan to do much.
that is so cool. i grew up in a good family
no, i only knit hats for babies
i got my own home in the usa
i knit hats for a hospital. i don't have a job
oh wow! i really like that city
they are. i am allergic to them
i want to be a marine biologist
oh i hope you make them happy
that is nice of you.
i will make you happy, too, if you want.
i am well, how are you?
good to hear that. where are you from?
pretty good, i just got done gardening.
i am ok, what do you do for work?
cool. i love plants i love plants
i love sports, do you?
yeah it is fun, have a great day
its a tough time but i love to stay active. i have a lot of spare time.
yeah i have to stay home a lot
i am a bodybuilder so i do my own bodybuilding. what about you?
i am a technician. i work in the factory
oh nice, i work in the community health department
i am an engineer. what do you do for fun?
cool. do you have a favorite club?
you should! do you sing?
i love dogs, and i also love jazz, but i don't like to run.
i am good. i have to eat lots of italian food to be happy
i like beans
that is so nice. i love italian food.
that would be so great i love vintage cars
i like to walk long distances
i am a pediatrician
that is a good idea. i hope to travel a lot to europe
i am actually a pediatrician
i love traveling to europe. i love to walk long distances.
i like to drink wine and jazz
i love reading. i would like to travel to europe but its too expensive
that is cool. i really like vintage cars
i am great! how are you?
i am doing great, just finished working out
where did you meet?
i don't. i don't like them either
i like dogs too. they make me anxious
that is a very scary dog. i like dogs too
that is awesome. i like comic books
i love cooking. i am an avid cook
i am afraid of dogs. i am a writer
i like red wine. i have been exercising for hours
i like to eat a lot of scotch. you?
i love superhero movies too. what about you?
i like dark and steel... you?
that is cool. do you like movies?
i write short stories for a living
i am good, i am deployed in south korea
do you have a car? i am a kindergarten teacher in seattle
i am just getting off the army. i was born in puerto rico.
yes, i have been in the army a lot. i am a kindergarten teacher
i have been in the army for about ten years. i am currently serving in the south
i am from washington, seattle. i have a house in seattle with two roommates
i have never been to seattle, but i have a great view of the ocean
i am in seattle now too. but i don't have much time to go.
it is. i am in the army now
i have never been to puerto rico.
yes i do i am a pretty young man
yes, i teach kindergarten and i teach middle school
that is awesome. i am a senior in the army
i don't have any, i don't have a job.
i am a platoon leader. i am also in the army
hi, i am a ps4 player
cool i make muffins with the ingredients of my dogs
no but i do have my little sister and she loves her music.
i work in the healthcare industry so i don't sing.
that is great! i live with my sister and compete to keep my feet green.
you like muffins? i love muffins.
i write for a living, i have the best photos of rabbits.
i write about age old people.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am sure he is. i am also making a muffin pie with some fried chicken.
yes. i have to eat the ingredients.
that is too bad! do you have a job?
i am a body builder. i have a competitive job.
i don't have a favorite team, but i do love to cook bacon.
i like to go to the park to play frisbee.
i prefer playing the jungle, i love bugs.
i don't eat anything but sardines
sounds good. i eat bacon a lot, and i hate it
i am sorry to hear that. i am a doctor so i have a lot of experience.
i am not sure if i will have surgery then
i did not do it.
oh that is terrible. i don't like music.
i like classical music, but i cannot listen to it.
i am an engineer, so i speak english. i like spanish
i am not good with spanish. i prefer to study
i am sorry to hear that. i hate bugs so i just don't speak them
i like to learn new languages too.
i love to go to engineering meetings and learn new languages
no, i am sorry to hear that. just preparing my lunch.
i have not, have you? i am just hanging out with my sea creatures.
oh, that is a nice place to work. i work in a factory.
no, but i have a long tail.
i have a boat, but no kids.
yes, i do. i am at school and play with friends.
that is cool. i work from home. i work in a delivery depot.
no, i don't. i am in school.
i don't have kids. i am happy being single and alone.
i have a dog, he is a mermaid.
i like to go to the beach on the weekends.
i have never tried it.
maybe, i am happy being single.
i am good. how are you?
i am doing good thanks for asking
i am a giver, but i am so grateful for your kindness.
that is wonderful! i love music!
i work at a hospital and cannot work anymore
i love classical music. i love classical music too
i am vegan, so i am vegetarian
i like meat, i love bacon
i like bacon too, i am so hungry
i don't like it either. i don't like insects either
that is too bad, i think we could do something like that
well i can speak english too
i don't speak any languages
do you have any siblings?
what do you do for a living?
how long have you been short?
i am 5 foot tall and i am terrified of heights
i don't think i can help you. what do you do?
i do. i have a dog named pedro. he is a cute little dog.
i bet you do. my girlfriend lives with me.
do you have any teeth? i don't.
i am so sorry i guess you are right
i work in the healthcare field
i am a student
that sounds like a good career
yes. my wife and i travel.
i can help them with things like computers
that is really awesome! i spend a lot of time on adventures.
i am well. i was in high school, and i was studying fashion.
i am in the army, i am a violent person. i was born in vietnam.
i am in the army, but i am in high school
i was in puerto rico, my parents are violent, and i am a bloody person
i am a student in high school, i stole some of my boyfriends clothes
i am in the army and my parents are also in the army
wow! that is a lot of countries, i am a racist
well, i am in the army, its too dangerous for me to go there
lol. i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry... i am not a parent
they are smart, they will not kill you.
you should. i don't have a girlfriend, but i am looking forward to being a fashion designer
i am so sorry, i am sorry to hear that.
no i am not, i just want to be a fashion designer and not have any kids
well i am sorry, my best friend is not good with kids, i am a guy
since my parents were gone. i was in high school, so i still stay in touch.
i am scared of spiders... i love it.
yes i don't. i have a lot of experience with spiders and snakes
i bet it is fun
i am a brunette, but i majored in science fiction at the same time
i went to france for college
wow! you must be very smart! i also love apples
i have 7... i drive my truck
i am not sure how i like that.
i have 7 kids and i love them
i don't have kids. i am single and don't have kids
oh i bet you like farm life
i grew up in a farm and now i am a science fiction author.
oh no! my parents died too and i am so sorry.
i have not read a book in years. it is my first.
oh wow, that is really crazy
i am from chicago. how about you?
oh, i have a tattoo on my back
no tattoos i have seven children and i have tattoos.
why do you get them?
what are your favorite subjects? i like mysteries
that is a lot of kids. i have one brother who is a batista
so do i. mom is my mom
what do you do for a living?
it is really easy to read and get a good book.
oh okay. maybe you could say that
i have seven kids and we don't have a lot of family
that is a good idea. what do you do for fun?
you should. you should apologize to your parents.
hi lucy! i was shot yesterday. i am fine.
i don't know what ulnar nerve is because i ate candy last year
i am sure it will not be as sweet as you think lol
sardines are great! i work in an office as a secretary.
i love ice cream. do you have a favorite?
i like soccer i play in a soccer game
that is cool. what do you do for a living?
no i did not i was on the soccer team
what kind of music do you like?
i like country music. i am a secretary
i like sports too. i am watching frisbee on tv.
yes i do, i have a favorite show is michael jackson
i don't, i like to chat with people.
i have never heard of that.
just a cop...
i am doing well. how are you?
what do you do for fun? i am a model.
i like to ride my bike. what do you do?
cool do you like to sing
i do as a nurse.
what do you do for a living?
that is great. i am a cyclist. i love riding my bike.
i love to see you
you too, i am a nurse. i have worked in nursing home for 3 years.
thank you so much i hope you are still single
no but i have two kids and 6 grandchildren.
nice do you have kids
she is taking care of the kids in my nursing home.
i love animals and modeling
that is nice. i am depressed. i don't get out much.
i used to be in the military but now i have to go fast.
i see. i have a hard time finding a pet for my niece
i have a cat and a dog
i do i love animals i am a kennel cleaner
i have a wheelchair, but i used to go to the military
that is nice i have a dog too. i love dogs, too.
that is good. i stay in the shelter for a while
two, i don't have a job right now.
i love her. she is a sweetheart.
i am not sure. are you related to her?
i am sorry. i was in the military.
i wish i had a dog. i don't like dogs
i used to be in the military. it is hard to find a good person.
i am old now i hate being old
i am a man so i can get by
i am doing great. just got my nails done.
i like pink, and i make my nails.
i love pink. i don't like it but i do enjoy it.
i am glad you do. i am in the city.
no, i am in texas. i don't have a car. i am on a diet
well, that is too bad. i am old enough.
i am too fat to go. i eat junk food.
i am a baby boomer so i will not be able to go back in time.
no i have not, i just like riding horses
i don't have a horse but i don't eat too much.
i don't like the way i feel about junk food. i try to keep away from it.
i used to be. i now wear my nails.
i do too. i am on a diet now so i am a little overweight
do you have any things you want to make?
yes i have, do you have a favorite animal? i like horse too.
i don't have kids yet but i will get them
that is cool. i have a daughter, she is 7.
a boy or girl. i am a model car guy.
no, i am just hanging with my three kids. i am taking a hike today.
cool. i am a first time father and studying abroad for years.
i went to miami last year.
oh nice. my dog ginger is a golden retriever, we have seen it twice.
i have a dog, he is a bulldog
that is great. what are your hobbies?
i like to draw too. i am into weird things
i have never seen titanic 10!
i have never heard of that movie. i like weird songs
i love poetry too, i studied for a year.
i don't like to read. i read a lot.
what is that?
i am good. how about you?
i am good just got back from the gym
that sounds fun do you do other work
yes i do everyday, i go to the gym a lot to stay fit.
that is a good attitude
yeah i work from home, i only go to the gym once a week
no i don't i just like working out
what do you do for a living?
i am so sorry to hear that. i am very sorry
that is bad. i am sorry to hear that. i am a nurse.
i am a doctor, but i use people to help me
i am not sure if i should say i am ok
i am sorry to hear that. i just clean out my own cages
do you like to go to the gym?
i am not very nice to people either
i am doing great, how are you?
i am good. just listening to oldies music. i love oldies music.
nice! i am listening to metallica. i love it! what do you do for fun
i like oldies music. i like it too.
i like to run, and snow, too.
i enjoy playing racquetball. i love it too.
i am a manager for a firm.
i am retired.
that is a long time. i work in an office, do you like it?
that sounds great. i will enjoy it.
what kind of traveling do you do?
i am going to the boston area. i love to try new restaurants.
i am looking for a place to visit soon.
it is beautiful. i love visiting paris.
they are too expensive for me to go there.
no, i just bought a new house, i love it!
cool. i like candy... but i don't like candy.
i like candy. i just bought a new house.
i love to eat healthy too
i have to hike to get my dog to leash
i enjoy hiking with my dog
you could dress me up as a lady, and i would be like a lady!
i am a teacher. i teach art. i like to draw.
sure! i can do that. you should just show me the rules.
oh, that sounds like a lot of work! i would love to learn how to do that.
so what are you up to? i am looking for someone to take me with.
i love to read poetry. you?
i love poetry too!
i like to get creative with friends.
yes! i will make brownies!!
i am great how are you
do you like sports? i love watching them on tv.
i love sports. do you like sports?
i love sports. i love watching sports on tv.
i love soccer! i have never played it but i am looking forward to retiring.
what are you going to do with the cup?
i would have to say that is really rewarding.
yes i do. i am a college graduate.
that is sad. sorry about that.
it is okay. do you go to church?
wow that is cool.
thank you. i am sure you are very religious
thank you. i have a job as an administrative assistant.
i am doing great, just got back from a long weekend working in a warehouse.
i am eating a sardine for breakfast daily
yes i make them for dinner and i love to grill them
i also like to grill my meals with sardines.
i lift weights most of the time, i lift weights too.
i like to lift animals. i am a dog lover.
dogs are fun to watch. i like watching horror movies.
that is awesome. i have to finish high school so i can play frisbee more.
i wish i could get out of the warehouse at work. i am a huge truck driver.
that is so nice. i wish i could be a good person to be around.
i am sure you are. i am not as good as you but i am glad you are doing
thank you. i have been doing surgery on my hands and knees.
i have to lift the weights to keep my arm in place.
i have two little babies
thank you i had a blast
i am good just hanging out with my dog charlie. how about you?
i am great, just got done with my roommate and we have two cats
i am from australia. i am from louisiana
i am from texas, my roommates are from australia.
oh, i live in texas, so i don't have a lot of roommates
i am a stay at home mom, and a student
i am sure you can afford a house. i have a brother. he is a stockbroker
i don't have much money, i don't have much time
i don't know what that means.
not sure, i don't know
i don't know, what do you want to do?
i like cats, i have one cat named paul.
i am a veterinarian. i am really into eggs.
i am doing okay. just got back from a hunt. you?
oh that is a relief. what do you do for work?
i also enjoy hunting. i am a handyman, so i hunt for anything.
that is cool, do you like music?
i like classic music. i like music with a calming tone.
i like john denver. i met him when i was a kid.
i am not sure if i like him. i am working on restoring classic cars.
nice. do you like horses? i love them!
i am not a big foodie. i work for a real estate company
i like to work out and take care of horses.
that is great. i work in a timber company.
i live on a ranch so i don't have a lot of money.
they are delicious. i am a hunter. i need to eat them.
i am doing good. how are you?
i am good do you like playing softball?
cool. i am not sure if i have ever been away from my state
i am doing fine. what do you do for a living?
what do you do for work?
in my class at the orphanage. i have a choir.
i live in nyc. i love nyc. do you travel
cool that is fun i like to play softball
i like watching tv
that is cool what do you do for fun
my dad is on the tae kwan do team
that is funny i sing too
it is boring though
that is good i am sure i am funny
i can understand that. what else do you like to do?
i am doing very well. how about you?
i am good, just eating some italian food.
oh that is nice! i have a golden retriever named ginger.
i don't but i like to sing. you?
oh nice. do you have any kids?
no, but i do like teaching them in a program.
you sound like a very well rested person. i just got done studying abroad.
i have heard that. i like softball and playing in the park
no, but i did play volleyball.
my son loves it. he plays it as a hobby
cool, my favorite film is the one about the fred
well, i guess you are right. we are all alike
i love the movies, especially the one about the redhead family
cool, do you like to sing?
wow, you should do that! i teach middle school
my headphones are off when i am not playing music.
i would not mind it, i am so annoying!
i am sure they do. i am also a musician. what do you do?
biology. i don't know much about it.
it is. i am retired now. what do you do for work?
yes, i love to travel. i am from europe.
what is your favorite place to travel?
i love the city of europe, it is beautiful
i don't know, i have never been. i was a police officer.
i love paris! i love the paris atmosphere!
i don't really like to walk, but i do enjoy listening to nirvana.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i play music in my ipod, i have a cd and a tupac.
i am good how are you
i am doing well. just hanging out at my favorite park.
what do you do for fun? i listen to rap music on my way out of work.
that is annoying. how are you doing?
i have a gym membership
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i love to workout
what do you do for a living? i am a mom
that is a lot of work
she is about 6 months old and i love her
oh wow! i am not sure i am a girl, but i am a girl.
do you have any hobbies?
i love to write poetry. how about you?
i have always wanted to be an american but i am too young to be in the same situation
i like to paint and draw
hi, i am good thanks and you?
i am from california. what kind of music do you like?
what kind of car do you have? i love vintage cars.
cool! i live in california, my home.
i was dating a guy from there.
no. my best friend is a robot. what do you do for work?
i like my best friend. she is married.
i am in school so i have never met. i am homeschooled.
that is amazing. i am an athlete.
yes i am. i am the first to be the first to be the first to be the first
i am a pediatrician. i also have two kids so i am a doctor too
i like to sleep beauty. my best friend is a robot
i don't know. i don't like public transportation.
i am doing great, thank you for asking
i am good, just got off work. i am a model.
i am doing my part. i am a performer.
yes, i am, i am going to go to california next year
you sing? i love to bake and make homemade meals every day
that sounds nice. i have never been to california. i am hoping to move there next
i love reading, especially when i am cooking for my kids.
i don't read much, but i am very fat
i have too much free time. i spend a lot of time reading.
yea, i am not good at it. i sing well, but i don't dance well
well, if i had time i would learn how to cook
i like cooking, but i am an actor so i don't cook much.
i am a rice cooker too!
oh well that is very cool. i don't like that.
i am an actor so i can always be creative.
i spend my free time reading plays and diet books. what do you like to do?
oh, that is cool. i am a car salesman. my dad has a dealership.
i don't. i like theatre.
i just got my nails done. what do you do?
i did not break a nail. i exercise all the time.
i don't. i am a dancer. i am on a diet.
i do! i really enjoy exercising
that is great. i ride horses
no i just watch tv
i bet he had nails done in the past.
i own a car, and he has a nice store too
i love running and eating healthy
yes i do, i write books
i have a dog. i am 32 and live in a condo.
my cat is named ryan. do you have any pets?
i have a dog. i am scared of dogs
i am homeschooling my kid and i have a dog
me too. i love romance books and movies. so what do you do for fun?
that is a good thing to have. i like to make crafts
do you have a job? i am a chef.
i am homeschooling my kid. it is a lot of fun.
i am a chef. i love to cook
i like my life i live in a small town
i am not very good with computers. do you have any hobbies?
i like to fish and take my kids fishing
oh, i love romance books. i am a huge fan.
what kind of books do you like?
i am a single woman so i am not sure what i want to be when i am old.
i am well, just taking a break from studying.
i am in college, but i am a senior. how about you?
wow! i am studying law school. what do you do for fun?
that is great. i was in college, but now i am in college studying international law.
i don't have a boyfriend, but i do travel and go on adventures.
cool. i am just studying for my college degree. i am a rapper.
what do you do for a living? i am a lawyer.
i am not a fan of dogs.
i don't have any. i go on adventures. i go on my own.
i don't have a dog. i just hang out with friends and play football.
i travel a lot. i am studying to be a lawyer.
i live in cali, and i love it there.
i hope so too! maybe you could teach me to fly with my dog.
what kind of singer?
i will try. i have not decided yet.
i am good, how are you?
i am doing well. just got back from my stressful day.
i work for a clothing store, and have to commute to school.
yes. i have to be on my feet all day.
i don't work. i am not old enough to work.
i am 32. i am in college.
wow. you are a very busy person.
i am in college. i moved here from high school.
that is not good. sorry.
i would. i am still in high school.
i hope you are doing well. i hope you are okay.
that sounds like a good idea. i hope you have a good day!
i am in school. i have a job as a teacher.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good, thanks. how are you?
i got a rug painted. i was just playing poker.
that is great. i am pretty tired. what do you do for work?
yes it did, i am a carpenter.
well, i am in a pretty good shape, i have been working out for over a year now
what do you like about your spouse?
that is good to have a healthy diet.
i bet that is a lot of help. i have a lot of friends
so you don't have a good friend? i will find you soon.
i am not in a relationship anymore
i am sorry. i am not very good at drinking.
it was pretty hard to get out of it
you have to eat healthy and exercise to keep fit
i am not sure. but i do like to exercise
i am a nurse. what about you?
that sounds interesting. what are you thinking about?
i am glad you did not. i am glad to hear you are still in the military.
i am from cali, but i am from new york
oh, i am in texas. where do you live?
i do, i work in a office as a secretary.
what do you do for a living?
i am a mechanic
do you have a job?
are you on leave now?
i just had to get back in my wheelchair now.
i have to stay in touch with my family to find a new place to live.
i use to be with my parents. i saved up for my wheelchair.
hello! i am jake. i am a romantic.
no, i am waiting for my next husband.
i am not sure. i am very introverted, i am getting old.
i am doing good. i am going rollercoaster. you?
that sounds exciting! i am looking forward to the civil war
i am not sure... do you like it?
yes i have seen some of those.
yeah i hope you are not too serious about civil war antiques
i am a huge dog lover, so i would love to have a dog with me.
my dad has tae kwan do and he is a vet
it is ok, i have been looking for a new haircut for 3 years
that would be a nice place to live.
i live in a rural area but i love the country. i have been married for four years.
you must be fluent in french
i am allergic to mangoes. i am married but not married.
i am good, just got back from running. how about you?
i am good, just got back from a run. how are you?
i was a police officer. i love to run. what kind of music do you play?
i love to play guitar.
i play the guitar. i am in a band called nirvana
that is really cool. what kind of music do you like?
nirvana is my favorite. i have never heard of it.
i love folk and rock. what is your favorite?
i like nirvana. they are my favorite
i play the piano. do you like music?
what do you do for work?
i am in the army.
oh cool, what did you do? i am a police officer
i love animals. my only leg is a dog.
dogs. my dad is a cop and loves them.
i am doing great. how are you?
i am doing good. just hanging out with some friends. you?
nice. i live in chicago. i am proud of that country.
i have, i am twenty eight years old. i live in texas.
i am from new york, good weather here.
i like video games. i play second life on my free time.
i don't play. i like to crochet and cross stitch.
no, i play with my furry friends. they are my friends.
it is. but it is cooler here.
it is pretty furry, too. it is a bit of a cold.
i like animals, but i am not a fan of cross stitch.
it is brown. my hair is almost as long as my fur.
no, i don't. my dog is named.
i have lived in texas for over twenty years. i am only 18
no, i have been here for about 20 years.
i have a collection of weird stickers
i watch movies and tv, i like to listen to music
not really i don't really have kids
nice, i love to watch movies and tv
i don't watch much tv
what do you do for fun? i draw or draw
i want to learn how to draw
do you have a girlfriend?
no i am a boy. are you?
i am a guy i don't want to be a boy
i am a guy and i love you
yes, i would love to meet a girl
yeah i guess i would not mind meeting new people
oh okay. do you like it
that is nice. i want to learn how to draw
i am good. just practicing law. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
i am from oklahoma and love the culture
i am single and single. do you have kids?
i am not married but i love the church and its a good place to be
i don't. i don't want kids so i just work in the company.
that is cool, i hike a lot and go hiking all the time
i have never been to a height climb. i drink water and eat it.
i drink water and ice cold.
i do. i like sports mostly basketball and soccer.
i like to eat a lot of food
i like to eat healthy.
that is good. i eat a lot of sushi.
i am single, so i am not sure what i am going to eat.
do you work?
i love shopping and shopping for clothes. i am a single.
i love metallica and listening to them on my computer. you?
i have a boyfriend, but i am single, so no boyfriend yet.
no, just as a manager. what do you do for a living?
i bought a sister. she is the only one i don't have.
i have two brothers. i am married and i have two sisters.
i am single, so i am not looking forward to getting out of there.
that would be good. i will be there!
yes i am. i am a nurse. so hot!
i don't have time for that either. i am studying.
i have never seen a good looking one.
i live in wisconsin, where i work for a mechanic
oh wow, i am not familiar with madison but i do love shopping for clothes.
hi, i am good. i am sorry about that.
i am good, just got back from a trip to six different countries.
cool. i play guitar.
nice! i also enjoy biking.
that sounds fun! what do you do for fun?
what do you do for a living?
i am a batista and i sell bates
i have a large tattoo, so i cant do much
i have a lot of tattoos.
what do you do for a living?
i am a card player. you?
what do you do for a living?
wow. that is awesome. i teach at a high school
i am a college student
oh, that is great. what do you study?
yes, i do. do you?
that is not so bad. i am a graphic designer.
i am an attorney. do you like the law?
nice, i love graphic design, i am a huge fan
i do, but i am also a lawyer.
that sounds fun. i do a lot of graphic design in my spare time
oh, i don't have any pets. i have a dog and two cats.
i don't. i have a dog. he is a little fussy.
nice. where are you from?
i am in cali. i love traveling
what city are you from?
i have a lot of friends in new york city
i have a job as an attorney, but i am afraid of heights
i don't have much time with friends
i am sure that is true. i am afraid of heights.
hi bruce! i am a fan of you.
nice! i have a wheelchair too. its the only leg i have left.
what happened?
he was out of the military for awhile.
i have to get out of here. i need to go hiking.
no. i am a retired veteran. i am tired too.
that is a good age to be.
oh. well, i was not born until i was 54.
i am old. i feel it.
how old are you? i am 26.
yes. they scare me.
i don't. i am a retired military man.
no. they were not very good. i am more into nature.
i don't know how to get out of high school, but i am a runner
i love spicy food!
i dropped out of school and am a runner now.
i was a teacher.... i work all the time, it is my passion.
i would like that too but i don't want to go back to school
my kids are so far away that it is hard to keep up with them.
i am a cop
that is awesome, i am a mom of a kids so i try to stay focused.
i don't like animals
i am a huge bacon fan.
i just like the smell of bacon on my feet
i have two dogs and they are good at handling them.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a doctor, and i hope to become a doctor someday
i am hungry, its like i am a kid
i am good just taking a good picture.
i like hunting but i love the cute robot.
my hair is green. i grew up in a ford farm
cool, what grade are you in?
i am not sure, but my family is down the street from me
wow that is awesome! do you have a lot of fun
i am just a normal guy. i work for a construction company
i like to hang out with my friends and collect toys
what are your bff jobs?
i am not sure what that is, but i do like it
i am in the big city
i am homeschooled so i am scared of the wind
i am sorry
i like to bake, but i also like to cook
hi darlene, i am john. i am homechooling my child.
i am great, listening to country music
i am good, just got done with my morning routine.
i like to drink iced tea a lot. i love it!
i don't, but i do like kids
that is cool, i am a coder but my family is from canada
i am homeschooling my kids. they are amazing
wow, that is a lot of people!
yes, i am homeschooling my kid.
i am sorry to hear that. i am so busy doing my bit.
i wish i had the patience. i am allergic to cats, though.
i have a dog, he is a slob.
i like going out and making crafts with them.
we are going to have some tea and a drink, my favorite drink
i hope to get some really good baked goods
no i am a biology major
what do you study? i am a nurse.
i don't like to party. do you like to go to the movies?
you should try going to a zoos. i like them.
i am an adjunct professor at a university.
yes, i would like to be a marine biologist. i am a nurse.
do you want to travel?
no i am from the usa.
i love michigan. i am from the usa.
cool. i am from florida. i love being in zoos.
that is a nice place to visit.
yes, i like the view.
i do like the fall too.
oh yeah, it is very beautiful.
i like the fall too. do you like sports?
i am great, how are you?
i am great. just got back from a long day of hiking
oh that sounds nice. i love hiking in the woods.
i also love camping and hiking
no, i don't go camping though
i don't go camping though i fear the water
yes i don't like water, but i do enjoy it
i am not sure. i am scared of water and i am afraid of the wolves.
what is your favorite tv show?
i am listening to music, and listening to some music.
i played the ohio state bucs.
rock and roll. what do you do for fun?
i like bluegrass. do you have any favorite foods?
i love purple rain too. do you like to garden?
that is nice, what do you do for work?
i am pretty good. just got home from school. how are you?
wow. i just saw the concert on my bf.
what is your favorite concert?
i have never been to california. i have never been to the beach.
wow! that is awesome! i like being in a different state than my state of residence.
i would love to go to california and see the kids.
really? that is awesome! i am so excited!
i have never been, but i do like the city.
i like to fight. i am a champion.
i am not a very good martial artist.
i am a champion at tae kwan do
yeah that is a good one.
oh, i know it is. i also love you.
yes, i have. what do you like to do in your free time?
that is great! i am a promoter of a lot of different martial arts.
good, just relaxing with my family. you?
i am good, just took a hunting trip.
wow! i am a bit of a fish person. i live in the water.
yes, they are. i eat them a lot
i love hunting, they are so awesome. i have to hunt them once a year.
no i don't, i am a geology teacher.
i have a tail to hide
i used to be a geologist. i love fish
i don't go out much because i am always at home with my family.
i hope so! i hunt and eat healthy.
i have a small pond near my house where i can catch fish.
i am sorry to hear that. i just lost my wallet.
that is too bad, my brother died from heart attack.
i would love to return the missing piece
i want to explore the world with my rocks. what are your hobbies?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good, listening to john denver. you?
that is great, i am jerry. i am glad you are having fun.
what do you do for a living?
i have traveled all over the world. what are your hobbies?
i like to cook with my horses
it is really beautiful in asia. i love travelling.
i am in college in virginia
i was a scientist. i had to study for a test.
wow that is interesting
i was in a group of religious people.
interesting. what are some of your hobbies
i went to school as a high school teacher.
i work on a farm, and i love to cook
that sounds like a rewarding job. i grew up in north dakota.
i am good! just listening to music on my ipod.
good, i am working on paperwork for the healthcare system.
i am good. how about you?
i am great, just got back from a hike
i am 5 foot 7. what about you?
i am actually a 5 foot tall woman.
i don't like people
you should do something about it. i am a nurse
yes i do. what do you do?
i work in the healthcare industry
i am a nurse in a hospital
yes i am. i work in the healthcare field
i am not sure i would use my phone
yes i don't want to be rude
what grade are you in?
i am not shy at all. i am a builder.
wow, that is cool. i build model spaceships
i am 40 years old and i am still married
that is a good way to make money. i am very successful
no i don't, i have a design studio
what is your major in?
that is cool. what do you do for work?
i am not into watching tv. i have to watch my favorite videogames
i am a builder and work from home. i can build anything
do you have any kids?
i am very young. i like to play video games and build things
i play fantasy videogames but i am really shy.
no, i am not sure what that is
do you build models?
i like to play some video games. i am old enough.
just finished eating a lot of meat. you?
no i am not a fan of mangoes
i have a passion for eating healthy and healthy foods
they are my favorite. i also collect antiques
i am a bodybuilder. i am a doctor
i have always been eccentric hair stylist
i am good bye to you
well i have a daughter and a son
yeah but i am an active church leader
so you are single? i am married 4 times
i am sorry to hear that
i do love dogs though. i am a dog stylist.
i am a bodybuilder and my brother is my bodybuilder
what do you do for work?
yeah i will be there for you
i am doing well, how are you?
what do you do for a living?
cool. i like watching movies and tv
i have a robot, which is a good robot.
wow. i don't like physical activity.
it is a lot of work, but it pays off.
i don't do any physical activity. i am not very active
it is not the best place to exercise.
i am from cali. i have a husband who i love.
i love it. i love robots too
where are you from? i am in california.
i am homechooled so i don't get out much
my husband loves to cosplay and i love to watch movies
i am good, how are you today?
i am doing well. just eating breakfast. you?
what is your favorite breakfast?
i hate eating bacon
yes, i have 3 kids so i eat a lot of junk food
i hate it, i eat bacon everyday
i can not wait to get off work, i am not happy with my weight
i am also busy working, so i spend a lot of time with my family
yes, i have three kids, so i don't have time for that
i have 2 dogs, they are very friendly
i love dogs, i love them so much that i make a living with my husband
that is so sweet!
do you have any hobbies?
i like to listen to music.
i don't. i am a singer and cook.
i am doing well, how about you?
great! just taking pictures of my family.
i am a school teacher
that is cool. what do you remember?
i like to play with my guns
oh that is cool. i am a model, so i eat healthy.
where do you work?
i am a model for a modeling agency
that is cool i like it
it is. i don't want kids.
i am in kansas. i love it here. you?
i don't think i will ever be an actress but i do want to do it.
yes i have to go for fun and see what you like to do
that is cool. do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend?
i would not want to do it
i am great. just finished writing a romance novel. you?
do you like to read biographies? i love them.
a romance novel. i have two cats and a husband.
i have never read that one.
do you have any pets?
i have a cat named arizona.
i have two cats. we have 2 dogs. i am an introvert.
what is your brother doing in your spare time?
i live on a faraway island, but my siblings have lived there for generations.
that is cool. i have never heard of greece.
i am an introvert, so i am more of a romantic.
wow! that is a great description! my brother just got engaged. he is so lonely.
i do. i have a few who don't like my solitude.
i am sorry to hear that. i like my sisters. i am very introverted.
i do, but i write romance novels so that is good for them.
i am doing great. just got back from a long deployment to the army.
i am good. i am going to get a truck soon
i am a truck driver, i was in the army
that is awesome! i am a little boring
it is i love the color pink
that is cool. i am always on the road
yes i am i like to sing karok and sing
no i don't sing. i live on a farm.
do you like karaoke bars? i love to sing karok
that sounds fun. do you sing?
i have to wear makeup to keep from getting a dog bite
yes i am wearing blue for halloween
do you like to dress up for halloween?
that is cool. i am in costume and i love it
i am a little color blind, but i love it
good. just watching a movie.
i am watching the lord of the rings. i have to binge watch it.
i am watching it right now, i am not very good at video games.
i don't know. i love fantasy books, but i am into the world of fantasy.
i don't watch much physical activity. i love to exercise.
i would like to work on that. i want to start writing a fantasy novel.
that is very stressful. i don't like to work.
i don't blame you. i am so depressed.
i am sorry. my husband hates me, he is very protective of me.
no, i want to try and complete my fantasy books someday.
you can do it. i love my homebody.
do you have a friend? i am a huge fantasy fan
do you write for a living?
yeah, love my two jobs.
you sound like a great person.
just working as a nurse. what do you do for a living?
i am homebody too. my husband and i love watching movies and tv.
i am a bear whisperer. i love to visit zoos.
i do. i enjoy watching movies and tv with my husband.
i have a big collection of teddy bears.
haha, i love hugest hugest hugest hubby.
i think you would tell me something about yourself.
i am so glad you are okay. i am glad you are okay too.
i love watching zoo movies. i have a large collection of teddy bears.
no. i have not but i do love it.
yes, i have. i have one in my large collection.
what is your favorite movie?
that is great. i like movies.
it is a green bear movie. you?
i like comedies but have not seen them yet
i am an introvert so i can not help but be a teacher.
what do you want to know?
i am a waitress at a fast food restaurant.
i am a journalist, but i also enjoy watching tv.
i am a software engineer.
do you have a computer?
nice! i am a runner myself, i don't like animals.
yeah, i read a lot too, i am a journalist.
i like to read too. do you have any favorite things?
i love running too. it helps to stay healthy.
i run in the morning after i finish running
what is on the news right now? i watch tv
that sounds like fun! i would like to run in a city.
i am sure you are. do you like the weather?
i don't like low income apartments and don't like animals.
i am good. just waiting for my senior year.
i am doing great. i am just finishing up my crochet
i am going to the university of august.
no, i don't. my parents are proud of me.
i am a junior in high school. my parents are always busy.
oh cool, i am a doctor. i was deployed in the military
i was in the army. i am going to be a doctor!
yea, so i hope you get to meet more than a few more!
cool! i love fashion and clothes. i like to shop and eat.
i don't. i don't. i am a craftsman.
i love to shop. i am always looking for new clothes to wear.
that is awesome. do you have a lot of family?
i have not been able to shop since i am 17.
i love shopping! what kind of clothes do you like?
well, i love shopping and i want to be a doctor someday.
i love to hike in the mountains
wow that is so cool. do you have any hobbies?
i am into animals. i love art
i love to hike in nature and i love hiking
that is cool. what do you like to do for fun
i love hiking in nature
that is nice i am always quiet
i love cooking and hiking
do you have a passion?
no i have not met him
that is funny. i love him, i wish i knew him
do you have any weird stickers i collect?
you have a weird sticker? what is it?
a band cover of a music album
i think i have a weird pet.
jane. i am a baseball fan. i am happy being single.
that is awesome! i am in the ohio state
i work at a trucker shop. i am single.
wow! i am in love with purple flowers. my favorite color.
i am single and alone too. not a lot of flowers there.
i love it too, i enjoy being on the water with my plants.
i drink a lot of water to stay in shape
i cannot stand it. i am afraid of heights.
i drink water and i love it!
i am scared of water. it will take you a long time to get used to it.
oh, i have been single for a while, i am single. it is my fault!
i am single, too. but i still love my plants!
i am glad you are single and alone
thanks! what do you like to do for fun?
i don't have any fears for water
hi, i am joe, i am home with my daughter
that is great. i am going to college next year.
that is great, i hope you have fun.
i want to be a doctor.
oh cool. i am homechooling my son, i am home to a big family.
i love crafts. i love fashion and clothes!
i am allergic to cats and they are my favorite.
oh. you should check out this car. its a volkswagen.
i am sorry to hear that. it was a bad experience.
yes, i am going to college next year. i want to be a doctor.
that is awesome. i am going to school soon.
it would be fine. i am currently a senior in high school.
that sounds like a plan.
i am going to be a volkswagen beetle and i will be getting ready to go shopping.
do you have any big plans for the fall?
i am a bit confused about where i got my religious beliefs.
i just got back from a hike.
oh wow, that is nice. i am a waitress.
i am retired, my dad was in the military
that is nice. i am in north dakota.
i am from brazil
nice. i have been camping in my town.
yes i go camping with my dad
i love the lake. it is so beautiful.
that sounds fun. i like to hike too
yes i do. i love fishing.
do you have family?
that is good. i don't have time for hobbies. i just work.
how are you doing today? i am doing great. i am a vegan.
oh nice! i am a college student.
yes, i do. my disability makes it hard for me to work.
oh, i see. i am so sorry. do you go to a hospital?
i am, but i am able to cook. what do you like to cook?
what do you do for fun?
i love cooking, i am sure you will enjoy it.
i like to design websites and stuff.
do you have any pets?
no, i don't. i am not sure how i am going to get back to that
i am sorry to hear that. i have heard that you are very introverted.
do you like country music?
that sounds like a lot of fun! do you have any family?
i love him too. i am just knitting and coding.
i wish i could! i am feeling pretty good tonight.
i am doing well. just trying to figure out what to do tonight. how about you?
i am doing well! just getting ready to have a baby.
i am a single mom and i don't have much money.
i am sorry. i am sorry. that is why i don't like it.
that is sad. my husband is a very demanding worker.
i do love kids, but i don't have any.
i don't think so. i am unhappy, and my husband is unhappy.
that is true, but i am sure you will find some comedy on the way.
i don't really like it either.
i like to go to the office.
oh, that sounds interesting.
it is my favorite show. i also like to travel.
no i have not. i like disney. do you like it?
yes, i am going to the new york office soon.
that sounds fun. i am going to go to the hospital.
i am good. i am just relaxing with my two brothers. you?
i love to garden, i also love cooking meals with food from our garden
i love metallica, i listen to them on my cellphones!
what is metallica? i have a big passion for music.
he is. he is a management consultant. do you have any hobbies?
i work in a barn. i am on the farm. i also enjoy cooking meals with food from
oh wow! where are you from?
that is a great job! i like to cook meals with food from our garden.
i like metallica, but i don't have many friends.
i spend time with my husband and my 3 dogs.
oh, wow. i am more of a boss.
it is but i am a stay at home mom. i also enjoy cooking with my garden.
i work in a corporate consulting firm. i also work as a manager.
do you have a car? i have a mini truck.
i love metallica! so do you like them?
sometimes. i am in a group of doctors and get along with them
oh that is so cool! i travel a lot, sometimes to see my brother in a metall
i am a college student. what do you do?
cool, what kind of music do you like?
i do. i work with mcdonalds.
i like all kinds of music. i am an artist.
i am a student at mcdonalds. how about you?
i live in florida.
i am in cali, where are you from?
i am 5 ft tall and i am a painting artist
i have to shave my head for my new job.
do you have them for sale?
i have no time for sandals. i would rather be at home with my mom and dad.
i am an artist so i am a part time student
it is a dead end job. it has been a while since i have had a job.
i hate fast food. i don't like fast food.
i have a big sister, but i don't have siblings.
hi. i just got home from a walk with my two roommates.
i am a writer so i write romance novels.
i am getting a new apartment in seattle, i have no money for my rent
it pays well. i am in a writer position.
oh, i don't like to shop.
well, i don't teach swimming. i am a writer.
that is nice. i like the beach
that is cool, i have a different kind of introvert, so i am not sure if i
i have been on the island for 2 years now, i am a kindergarten teacher
i love ramen. do you like it?
i have a couple of noodles.
oh i am not familiar with that. do you have any?
i love fish, and the veggies are fresh
i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing well. just sitting here eating some food.
what kind of travel brochure?
i am studying biology, which i love to do. i have a large garden
cool. i am studying law, so i will be studying to become a lawyer.
that is exciting. i am also a biology teacher. i teach biology.
i am single, and have two older brothers. they are cute.
no, but i am single, so i don't get along.
i have two siblings.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure my parents are great.
i am in college. do you work?
i have a great relationship with my boyfriend.
no, i don't have a husband.
i spend a lot of time with my big green garden, i wish i could travel
no, i have not but i have been to japan before.
hello, i am doing well. i am just reminiscing about my childhood.
i like music too, especially taylor swift.
nice to meet you. what else do you like to do?
i like to paint and spend my spare time
i like to ride my horse. i have a garden.
that is really cool. i would love to be a famous artist
it is. i work out every day. i also enjoy cooking meals with food from my garden.
that is a great profession. i am a student.
that sounds fun. i like to cook meals with food from our garden.
i love to make a list.
that is a nice change of scenery. i love to eat and cook with my horses.
i am so excited to cook. what do you like to cook?
do you have a favorite food? mine is chicken wings.
i also live in a subway
i like to walk to the gym.
hi oreo, i am a writer, i have two cats
i love drinking it
that is good. i am currently working on my romance novel.
thank you. i don't know if i can do that.
what do you like to do for fun? i like to write romance novels.
wow i am sorry to hear that
oh that is good. i write my own. i am an introvert.
i am not that kind of person
i have not done that yet, what is it?
i think you should get a laser pointer to the brain
do you have any cats? i have a cat and two dogs.
that is awesome i am in the army so i am pretty active
i am sorry to hear that. you are a woman?
she is a great mom, she does the right thing.
my mother is not proud of me, she lives on the island.
i am good. i just finished writing a fantasy novel.
i love pizza and am craving some more purple.
i am a huge fantasy fan. i have to be a priest.
i love that one. i work at a pediatric hospital
do you watch it often?
what do you do for a living?
lol, that does not sound good. i work part time at a fantasy book store
i work with pediatric patients
that is cool i like to write
that is awesome! i love the color purple.
my favorite is the lord of the rings
i have never read fantasy. i like to read it.
i am not interested in that
i would rather have one idea i think
yeah they are my other hobbies.
hello suzanne, i am tony. what do you do for work?
i am good! just finished a great meal.
nice! what do you do for a living?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have different opinions?
i am not really interested. i like to cook and binge watch the lord of the rings.
i am a chef
i am good at the stuff. i like to see the lord of the rings.
that is awesome do you like sweets?
what is your favorite food?
i do, i love reading all the time
i love going to the lord of the rings every weekend.
i love movies like that
i love watching romantic comedies. love the lord of the rings.
that sounds like a lot of fun
i love to watch them. i also like to binge watch them.
i am a turtle named timothy. i live in bora.
i am not really into videogames. i play fantasy games.
i don't play, but i do love meeting new people.
that is cool. my mom is a doctor. i also like being alone.
i don't think so. i like the outdoors. what do you do for fun?
i am in the south. what about you?
cool. my parents live in bora and i love to travel.
what do you do for a living?
cool. my parents are both doctors too. i work as a graphic designer.
i work as a model space ship designer.
i am in school for math. you?
do you have any hobbies?
i like to cook
what is your favorite cuisine? i love cooking.
i like to cook for fun
wow that is a lot of work. i am a full time student.
nice i am working on designing websites and coding
i will just ride my horse with me.
i do, but i prefer country music, but i am not into it
that is cool! do you like horses?
i hope you have a good weekend.
i am a huge country fan. i love the new country music.
i like to do programming in my free time.
that sounds like a great idea. i am also cooking a meal with my food from the garden.
yeah, i want to be a chef.
i love to garden and listen to food from my garden.
i like country music. it is relaxing and soothing.
i like to cook as well. i don't have to feed the horses. i just eat food
i am not very good at cooking, so i am always looking for new recipes.
wow, i am so sorry. i have never tried it before.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am good. just got back from a shopping spree.
that is good. how are you doing
yes, i just bought a pair of clothes for my sister.
are you neat?
yes, i got a new pair of pants, they are so cute.
what is that like?
i have never done cosplay, but i love it.
what kind of cosplay? i love surfing.
i am a registered nurse. i love to shop.
oh, i am homeschooled, but i don't have much money to go out there
i am a registered nurse and i have been trying to get a full time job since i started as
i have a lot of friends that i am homeschooled with
i am doing good and you?
just got off my wheelchair
i am sorry to hear that
i am a kid so i am older than you
i am 77, how about you?
i am retired, i am a retired army officer
i am a teacher
do you go to school? i am a retired military member
that is cool. i have a golden retriever named ginger
do you have any other hobbies? i used to be a soldier
i have to amputate my leg
i have a wheelchair too, i use it to go everywhere
i see, i just saw the movie titanic 10 times. its my favorite
i am well. how are you?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am from california, but i am homeschooled so i am always home.
i am a huge fantasy fan. i love to write fantasy books.
i love to read. do you have a friend?
that is nice! i would like to name my robot after the lord of the rings.
his name is michael. you?
are you into fantasy books? i am a huge fantasy fan.
it is, i am homeschooled and i am pretty sure he is amazing
i have a ring, and i am in love with it!
no. i have seen them a few times. i have a dress for my robot to wear.
do you have a costume?
i don't know. i just don't have the time for that.
what do you like to do for fun?
no, i am just asking for help
i am well. how are you?
i don't work but i am very talented
i am a nurse, and i have a job as a nurse.
i am a kindergarten teacher so i am more into sports
i am a stay at home mom. i love to cook.
i am a cook and i love to cook
i like to eat vegetables, but i love onions.
no, i am a big eater and eat a lot of vegetables.
what is your relationship with your dad?
yes, i do. i like to go swimming with my kids
what do you do for a living?
i live in california, but i am a teacher
that sounds awesome! what is your favorite book?
i love to read. i am a huge reader.
i love to read too. do you like onions?
hi! i am doing well, how about you?
i am good, i work from home so i am happy
i work as a teacher at a local elementary school
i am a stay at home mom. my husband works nights.
interesting. what do you do for work?
i live in a house with my husband. what about you?
i live in the city. i like to explore with my friends.
it is a big city. the fish i eat are great.
i am a fisherman, what about you?
i am a great cook but i am unhappy with my weight
yes. my tail is a mermaid.
are you happy with your husband or do you have any pets?
i am a female, but i have a male and female tail.
i am good, just practicing my skills on a skateboard.
i can cut my hair, do you have scissors?
do you have any hobbies?
i like to swim. i am a hobby of mine. do you like fish?
i am moving to new york city next year.
i will be, but i am going to hairdresser school so i don't have any
you sing? i love singing. you?
black. i have different colors from different colors.
do you like to sing? i am not very good.
i can sing. i am good at it. i am good at it too.
i love the sound of it. i hope to move to new york city next year.
yes! i love breakfast!
no, i don't. i like to skate though. do you?
i am doing very well, how about you?
i am good, just finished my masters.
i work as a real estate agent for a living
i am a teacher at the local high school. what do you teach?
oh, interesting. i am a teacher.
what grade? i am in school for softball.
i am not sure i have kids that like school
i don't think they are very good.
you are right. what do you want to do with it?
i don't blame you.
i am concerned about the environment. i am only 34 so i am more of a real estate agent
i understand that. what do you do for fun?
i am for growing the world to be better
hello, my name is dana. what is your name?
what is your favorite thing to do?
i love to sing folk songs
i have a pet dog but its a huge dream.
i own a home in australia. do you have a job?
what kind of movies do you like? i like romance books and movies.
no i have to sew clothes. i have a sewing shop
i like to sew sewing needles.
that is cool. i am in high school so i don't know how to sew
i have not heard of my apartment.
i would not like that either
i am into cooking. i am not into romance books.
what kind of food do you like?
i am doing good. just got back from playing some video games. you?
what kind of movie do you like? i love romance.
i like drama. i play it in a drama club
i am a 32 year old single woman so i don't know how to handle drama
i love them too, i am a huge fan of romance
what else do you enjoy?
i have read a few romance novels, how about you?
i live in new york city. i live in a single apartment.
where are you from?
that is nice. i want to live in a city.
do you have a favorite color
that is nice i love the ocean and the ocean
it is cold in florida but hot in florida
oh yeah i hear hurricanes are coming
oh that is scary. i am not sure why
it is going well, thank you. how are you?
good, but i am studying to be a lawyer.
i have 3 grown children and 6 grandchildren.
i am 35. how about you?
i am in nursing school. i work as a nurse.
i am studying to be a lawyer, but i do travel to different states to study.
i am sorry. you should work at a nursing home.
i am currently studying for my law degree.
i am a software engineer. do you have any hobbies?
i am a blogger. you?
what kind of blog?
i can, thanks. i would like that if you would ask.
well, i will give you the answers.
i am doing well, i am home schooled
i am great! i am just about to run.
i am homechooled and play the guitar.
i am a musician too. my father was a police officer
i am a pretty good musician. working is always fun.
what is it that you do for a living?
i am a tattoo artist. what about you?
i am an animal lover. what is your favorite animal?
what do you do for work?
i work at pet smart.... i am a cop.
i am in a blue haired teenager
i bet they did. i run a lot.
i am in the northeast. i live in the city.
i bet you get cold when you are not on duty
sure, do you have tattoos?
hi i am doing well, just finished eating a sushi. you?
i am just taking care of my two big dogs.
oh, they are a puppy. i am so sick.
i have a small dog. he loves to run in my garden.
i bet. i am also working out. what do you do?
i will have to wait, but my two dogs are so big they are probably going to have surgery
oh, how long do you have to wait?
i like to eat sardines for breakfast everyday.
i would eat salad everyday.
well, salads are good for you. i usually eat a salad every morning.
you can get salads at sushi restaurants.
do you have any siblings? i have two.
well i love enuf. it makes me feel good.
i am gonna go running with my two dogs, so they are going to have fun.
you will get along with me.
good, just got back from a long day at the ranch. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
i live in the east, i love gardening
i love to drive my car
that is awesome! i like to workout at home
you sound like a real person! i would love to learn more about you
i do paint and eat a lot of food
i love taylor swift, she is my favorite singer.
yes i do like country, i cook all day
i have been working at the grocery store for a few years now.
i really like it. i grew up on a horse ranch
i don't know if i like gmo but i do like taylor swift
i like john denver, what is your favorite musician?
i am a singer lol
he is not a singer, he is a singer
i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing okay. how about you?
i am getting ready to go to work
i was cleaning up after my dad died.
i used to do that. i had a dog.
nice. do you have any pets?
two pitbulls, but i have three dogs and a puppy.
that is a great memory.
that is cool. i got my three cats and two dogs to study.
i studied all the things that made me happy. i am a musician.
oh wow, i really like business administration.
i am an engineer. how about you?
i work as a teacher and i do animal work.
that sounds exciting. what do you do for fun?
thank you. what else do you like to do?
hi! i am doing alright. i am just tired from working.
where do you live? i live in chicago but i live with my brothers.
i am. i am divorced and live with my kids.
i am home now, moved to chicago and my 2 brothers.
nice. i have a lot of wood in chicago so i build things with my hands
nice. i live in a hotel with my two brothers.
yes i live in chicago
i have a lot of tattoos, but i don't have a car.
i love tattoos. i have a big family. i am married.
i can not wait to make a house full of them.
i am a stay at home mom
do you have any children?
awesome! i am single.
that is what i really want to do.
do you like to build things?
hello, i love to bake. do you like cooking?
yeah i have a lot of free time so i am not much of a cook.
lol, i was raised on a big horse ranch, so i don't have any kids.
i have 5, i am a mother of three kids and my husband runs a business.
i am a priest, what do you do?
2 and 4, they are playing baseball, they are awesome
we have a little girl, but she is a very special one.
i do. i am a mom of four kids, we are all married
that sounds interesting. i love to cook.
that is good to hear. do you have family?
it is ok, i am a stay at home mom so i have a healthy diet
that is interesting, my husband does not read the bible much
i agree with that.
she used to say it is for dogs
i am a baby, i am a grown man
i am doing great, how are you?
good thank you. i am doing well. just got done reading a mystery.
i am 36, how about you?
i am 22. how about you?
i am not a fan of old age. my mom says i am too old for rollercoasters
i am older. i wish i had kids.
i am leaving tae kwan do so soon.
i wish i could travel a lot more. i have seven.
i like to travel. i am in tae kwan, not far from the state i live
do you like to travel?
it is a state with great beaches, lots of fishing and hiking.
i am from california. i am from nyc
i am from dallas, do you like to go to the state?
yeah, i am from the south.
no i was born in california. you?
i am doing great! just finished a marathon. how about you?
i am great! i have to run for a goal!
i am looking for a good dog. what kind?
i am not sure yet. i don't have time for pets. i do have my own dog
i run marathons. i don't have time for animals.
i am a pediatrician
do you have any problems with animals?
yes i am a pediatrician
what kind of doctor do you have?
yeah i love wendys
that is awesome i like them
i like meat i like meats
yes it is. i love to run and eat things that are good for them.
i am a retired restaurant manager.
that sounds interesting. i am a warehouse worker
i work with dogs. i have six of them.
oh nice. that is awesome. i lift weights every weekend.
i am a stay at home mom. i have six older sisters.
i am not. i am not a big family. are you?
i have a stutter, but i am glad i am not in school.
i am a warehouse worker.
that is cool! i am a stay at home mom
i am in school now, so i am still in the gym.
i want to be a teacher. i would like to go to college.
i like to take pictures of things, but i would rather be an actor.
yes, i have never had anything like it.
i am great! i love heart music
i like music. i am listening to a lot of bluegrass music.
i love bluegrass. i grew up in the late
i am a bluegrass fan. i was born with a tail which was removed.
that is sad. my parents were firefighters and a teacher.
i am a skater. what do you do for fun?
i bet that sounds fun.
my mom and i don't get along.
i am sorry. my parents are always pushing me to do something.
no they don't. i wish i had a gift, i am not sure i have one yet
i think i am sorry for your loss.
i am sorry to hear that. what else do you like?
you will be fine. i will be fine too.
i am a professional skater but i am not good at it.
i don't play any instruments but i am talented.
i am sorry. i am a mom.
i am too. i hope you are well
hi, i am sam, i am a twenty year old male.
that is cool. i have a wheelchair that is very slow.
my legs are broken and i am in a coma.
no. i am in a wheelchair now, so i am not sure if i would be able to
i was in the army when i was younger.
that is great. i get tired easily, so i need a break from the army.
i have a degree in nursing.
i used to be in the military. i use to be a soldier.
i am in the army, and my car is a military jeep.
yes, i have it in my wheelchair.
really? that is great.
no, they just did not make enough money.
do you travel a lot?
yes. i like cold drinks. they are more enjoyable than hot drinks.
wow. i love fashionistas. what do you do for a living?
i love fashion, but i also love shopping.
i am a writer, so i am really busy.
nice! i am a writer, i want to be a doctor when i grow up.
yes, i am. i write short stories.
i am a graduate student. i love to read.
cool. what are you studying?
haha, that is a good story. i have to keep it short.
yes. it is. what do you write?
thank you for the advice. i am going to be a doctor in my dorm next year.
i am a freelance writer, i write short stories.
i am not very boring, i am just a normal dude.
i drink scotch to relax. i write short stories.
do you drive a volkswagen?
i am doing okay, just sitting here cleaning out the cages.
i am a virgin i am going to hairdress and have my sons.
no. i don't. i am an artist, i have no kids.
that sounds like a lot of work
awesome! i have to clean them, but i love my job
no. i am not very imaginative.
i love fish. do you have any fish?
i have an exotic fish aquarium
i can imagine. do you have pets? i am a vet
i see, that is a good one.
i am 5 foot tall. my toes are about right for me.
i would say so. it is not too bad
you should try walking. i don't need to sit around and get out of the way.
you should get up to 5 feet
that is a lot of height. i take care of my toes
i am good. i just got done with my hair stylist job.
oh cool, i am glad you are not a dick
i am excited! i am married 4 times and have three widowed.
that is cool. i am proud to be a american. i have been single 3 times.
she was murdered in a hail of bullets.
oh, no. that is terrible. i cannot imagine how you survived a suicide.
a hairdresser. she was so beautiful.
that is sweet. i am sorry. i am a stay at home mom. i have been divorced
i am sorry. what do you do for work?
that is nice. i was a vietnamese soldier, so i understand.
my husband and i killed our mother in the trenches.
oh no! my father was a soldier in the military.
thank goodness she did not. i have been widowed 3 times.
i am sorry. my parents were proud immigrants to america.
i think so too.
hello, i am doing well. just got back from school. how are you?
i am well, thank you and yourself?
i am good. just got done studying for a test
what are you going to school for?
i study literature and i am a writer
i am a school teacher too
at a funeral home... the last thing i want to do is be in a band
oh no...
what do you do for a living?
that is cool. i like the radio...
yeah i like country. i like country music.
i like country music, especially country music
country and classical... what is your favorite?
well that is not so bad
how old are you?
i am good. just got back from exercising. how about you?
i am in the army, and i am serving in south korea
nice! what do you do for fun? i enjoy exercising for long hours
well, i like to be peaceful and not violent.
nice, what do you do for a living?
i have a dog, he is so sweet!
i am sorry to hear that. i would love to be there.
do you like sweets? i love chocolate!
i love to read. do you like to cook?
i love to read and listen to music. do you have any pets?
i love to read and exercise too
i don't, i read a lot.
do you eat a lot of vegetables?
well that is good. what do you do for a living?
i am in the military too, i write diet cookbooks for the army.
hi, i am doing well. just got off work from school, you?
no, i am a student. i am a sales representative.
i am not sure. i am a student, so i am too busy with school.
i just finished my 2nd grade math
i am a student. i am hoping to be successful as a lawyer.
i am an accountant. what do you do for a living?
i have two more years left in college. i have a lot of siblings.
i have 2, my mom is a stay at home mom
that is nice. i am excited. i want to be successful.
i am an only child too. how old are you?
i am sorry to hear that. my name is julie
my name is samantha. do you have a family?
nice name. it is a bit of a strange name.
hi! i am fine. just got home from a long day of working at home.
i am doing well, just got back from a long day surfing.
i am a model for a magazine.
that is awesome! i am a model for a fashion magazine.
i live in new york and do model work.
california. i live in the us.
i live in new york and work as a model.
nice! i am in ny. i surf and skate.
yes. i have been surfing since i was three. i am a model.
what are your hobbies?
i sing in my free time.
what do you sing?
i am single, so i have to do that.
no, but i would like to do something for you.
i don't know yet.
i am doing great, how are you?
i like to ride motorcycles, i like the outdoors.
cool! i am auditioning for a lot of movies.
i live in the city. i am not into it. i have a great job.
i am not sure. i am single. my dream is to be an actress.
lol. i don't get along with my dad
no i don't. my mom was single, so i live with my mom and dad.
oh okay. i am sorry. it has been rough
i think my dream is to be a famous actress
no, i just cut onions i hate them
wow that is awesome! you are the biggest celebrity
cool. i have a sister model. do you like model?
i am a comedian, i would like to be an actress
yes i am. my dad does not like me. he hates me too
well it is so cold outside i would like to go outdoors
i am listening to some music.
oh, hip hop is awesome! i live in texas.
i am in california. you?
nice. do you travel a lot? i travel a lot.
are you in austin?
no, i just use my computer to shop online.
i don't have time for that. i have to work out.
i spend a lot of time on second life.
i usually drive to work out.
you should. i am also a furry. i love to explore the park.
i really need a gym.
no, i don't. i have no idea if i am looking for one.
nice, my family is close.
no, we don't. we don't have brothers.
that is cool. do you like rap music?
i am doing ok. just playing some music.
that sounds like fun. my two cats and dog are my family
i have 3 sisters and i have one sister. i am sure you have a lot of siblings.
i am also the only child of a pet owner
i am packing for school so i cannot go to school yet.
my dad was great. he was always telling me to get out and exercise.
i was in high school, i was in high school.
no, but i have a goal i want to achieve
that is a good business, my 3 sisters and i are both on a diet.
yes they did, but i am a fitness nut and i never got to finish high school
i bet they are very healthy.
oh, i wish i could do more exercise.
i like to play in my spare time.
i am well, just got off work at the office.
i am a nurse, and you? i am a nurse at the hospital.
that is awesome. i have a job at the church that i attend
what is your favorite book?
i wish i could but i am pregnant and i am terrified of heights
i am in the delivery department, i don't have much time to read.
i have a huge fantasy fan group too.
i have a few days off. i love being alone and working.
i am a stay at home mom, i wish i had kids.
no. i am happy being single and alone.
oh no. i am off to work right now.
no, i am in a different time loop.
oh wow! you are a doctor.
i am not a doctor. i am a private delivery man.
i need to take pictures of the lord of the rings, that is my favorite.
i am doing good, how about you?
i am good just hanging out with my dog.
i have a husband, we do a lot of cooking together
what is your favorite dish?
i love to cook. what do you dream about?
oh okay, i like to adopt animals
i am a very big family
that is good. do you have any kids?
i have 2 kids but not enough
i have 3 of them.
do you own a business? i own a restaurant
what kind of business do you have?
his business is to sell cars.
do you own a car too?
i don't, but i have been saving money for a new car
i am good. i am reading a book about travel.
i am good. i am a huge fan of knitting hats for babies.
i am doing it and i am knitting a sweater
i like to cook and bake
i love italian food! i have a huge pet dog!
i love meat, i am vegan, so i eat all the time
i am very healthy, i am also very healthy
i do, i am a full time employee.
i love reading about travel so i read a lot
i like to read too. i love to read.
i like to travel and collect stuff.
that sounds like fun. do you travel a lot?
it is a goal to be successful.
that is nice. what do you do for a living?
i am great. just eating a pizza. i love cheese.
i am great. i just finished cooking some homemade meals.
i love cheese pizza! i am not a fan.
i just had my kids eat it. i am allergic to cheese, so i have to go.
i would say no they will not but they would be hungry
i hope so! do you enjoy it?
that is good do you like christmas
yes i do. i work a lot of hours for my business.
i like what they say
i have a wife, she is my best friend.
do you have any hobbies?
i like to cook, do you?
hello! i am working on my retirement.
do you like animals? i love them!
i don't like the way they look when i am in the wrong place.
that sucks. i like collecting ants and trying different foods.
hummus. i have a beard, and i love it.
do you have any weird stickers?
that is too bad. what do you do for work?
do you have a lot of weird ones?
you have a lot of strange stuff?
yes i do. i am actually a journalist. what do you do?
i will do that too.
that is true! i like to jog. i am more of a hunter than a runner.
that is great! i wish i could.
i am sure you can! i am sure you can draw as well.
sure! i could try that. what else do you like to do?
hi i am great, just finished my nursing exam. you?
i am doing well. just getting ready to meditate.
that is a lot of work! i am a registered nurse in florida
that is amazing! i am also a pediatrician. so i am quite the reader.
i am so close with my sister that i am sure she will love me!
i bet. i have a lot of licorice. i love it!
i am just shopping for clothes. i love shopping!
oh that is really true! i think that is pretty true.
i love clothes. i am just getting started on my nursing degree.
i would love to date you but i am married and have 2 kids.
that is true. i am so close with my sister.
oh that is cool. i don't like it either.
mine is navy. i love navy.
i do. my husband and i wear purple too.
i like the color green. but i have to wear my uniform color.
i am good. just got off work at pet smart. you?
that is so sad. my mother is a nurse.
i would love to. i just got done with my concert.
do you run a lot? i am a model space ship builder
oh, i am going to do the run tomorrow. i am going to compete with my dad.
do you like computer games? i love it!
what is your favorite hobby?
nice. you sound like a nice person.
my dad was a police officer, so i am not sure how to get out of the car
i did. my mom passed away last year.
i am so sorry to hear that. my dad is a cop, so we have a lot in
i am sure she loves me, but not all of the time.
i have no idea why i had to put her in diapers
i am doing well. i am a single mom of two boys.
i am good. just listening to metallica. i love them.
nice. i love hiking. i am a hiker.
i like to take my two brothers outdoors and chill out
i like both, but i don't know much about florida
i go to wisconsin every summer to hike
i drive a honda civic and like to go to the park
where do you work?
i am a graphic designer. i do accounting for a company
yes i am looking for a new job. where are you from?
i would like to go to a college but i am single.
oh. that is great. what do you do for fun?
yes, and you should definitely consider that
i have two brothers and one sister. do you have siblings?
they are little boys. they are so fun
i am good, how are you?
i am great. just got back from watching one tree hill.
i have never watched one, but i love it
it is my favorite, but i am a strict catholic.
i like watching some tv
that is interesting. do you work in the medical field?
oh nice, i have a camera in my
that is so funny. i am always having fun
i also love to swim
you should hike, i love to hike and hike with my dog.
i live near the mountains but i have two dogs
they are very religious.
i don't practice much. i am a big animal lover
i am a catholic, i am not a very good swimmer
i like the color green i like hiking
good, just preparing some dinner.
i am good, just finished cooking dinner, how about you?
i have a lot of friends and i am good.
oh, my. i am pretty healthy, i am a kindergarten teacher
i do, i am in school right now. i just adopted a stray cat.
nice, i am a cook. i love cooking.
i have a lot of favorites. she is a good cook.
that sounds really good. i am not a big fan of potatoes.
i make clothes for myself. i love making my own.
oh wow. that is interesting. i am a kindergarten teacher.
i am sure she did too. she is so big and strong.
do you have a job?
no. i am sure she does. i am sure she is a vet, too.
i am sure she did. i am sure you are a great person.
you have pets? i don't. i have a dog.
i am good. just listening to some country music.
i love to travel too. i am a professional skater, so i enjoy bluegrass music.
oh that sounds fun. what do you do for fun?
do you travel often?
cool, i would love to go swimming in canada
i am a pro skater and i am also a professional skater
wow! that is cool. i am in school right now
i don't but i do love the outdoors.
i am in new york. you?
that is cool, do you have a cold?
its okay. my family is from canada, but they are from the states
i am not too far from it.
hmm. how did you get hit by a snowball?
thanks, i am doing well. i was born with a tail, but i am too busy playing
i will send you the mail!
not much. what about you?
oh that is so cool! i am homechooling my child and making crafts.
oh. what kind of things do you like to do?
i like to spend time with my child
oh no! i am in the army.
i teach home schooling. he is home, so i take him to the vet.
that is a lot of work. i am still trying to figure it out.
i bet it does. i am homeschooling. what are your hobbies?
i am a full time mom. i have lots of free time.
that is cool. my kids are about 8 and 10 years old.
i am. i am a baby boomer.
i don't have any pets, but i do have cats.
no, no pets. i am a baby boomer, but i have a dog
i am doing well, just trying to pay my bills.
i am a dieter. i am eating healthy
i have to eat a little bit to pay bills every month
i am sorry. i just bought my new car and its a must.
yes i can you join me
thank you. i just got my nails done.
oh, sorry, do you have a job?
thank you very much! it was a great day
i am a salesman so i am sure you will enjoy that
yes i am a mechanic, i help out at the dealership
i am currently in college. i have 2 roommates so i can help
oh that is a long time. what do you do for work?
what do you like to do for fun?
i am sorry, i am not sure what to do now.
yes, i am sure it will i have two cats
i am great. i just finished a long day at school.
i just got done with my 2 roommates.
i live in the city and have a few friends
what do you do for a living?
that is nice. i like to explore with my sea creatures.
i have been to seattle a few times but never liked the sea creatures.
i love my cat. i have a tail as a foot and long wavy hair.
cool. i have two cats. they are quite interesting
it is, i am a bit of a curly guy. i have long wavy hair
i am in college
that sounds like a great deal
that sounds like a lot of fun
i do board games with my sea creatures.
i have always wanted to play board games. i cannot afford to travel.
i love board games! i spend most of my day swimming with my sea creatures
i am well, just chilling with my two boys
i am doing well. just got back from work.
what do you study? i am a stay at home mom of 2 boys.
i am in biology and i love to study.
i see. i like to go hiking in the woods. you?
that is great. i love to hike. do you like nature?
that is awesome i am single and only have 2 boys.
yes! i don't like partying. i drink a lot.
that is ok. i am single and i don't drink.
i understand. i am sorry. what is it?
it is ok. i am not looking for people to be around.
i am trying to figure out what to do if i don't like it.
i bet it can be difficult.
that is why i am not going to party.
i am sure you will. tell me about yourself
i am good, just got back from a roller coaster.
i like italian food. i am in europe and want to go.
i love europe, i have never been. i would love to visit
do you have any dreams?
it is a beautiful place, but i am still in school.
that sounds like a good adventure!
i am a kid so i am not even close to the state i live in.
oh, well that is a long way. what kind of food do you like?
i like pizza and chicken
i love chinese food. i am a chinese person, what about you?
oh that is very nice.
i love italian, but i just got my pet cat.
no, i don't. do you?
maybe i will have one cat. i have a cat named tae kwan.
cool! do you have a favorite?
i have not, but i have a plan to do that.
i am going to be a doctor in august!
i would love to learn more about being a vet!
that is cool. i am not sure if i would like that. i am so self conscious.
i do! i love music and love to listen to it.
i love classic rock... that is why i am going to college.
i am a kennel cleaner. i am going to work at a pet store soon.
that is cool. i am only 17. i want to be a doctor when i grow up.
yes she is, she is a senior at the animal shelter
oh, what kind of animal shelter?
yes, i am a jerk, but i like it
i would love to bring out the best in her.
what else do you enjoy?
i am in high school, but i want to be a doctor and get a doctor.
what about you? i have a hard time understanding why my niece is so uncomfortable.
good morning, i am doing well. watching soccer on tv.
nice, i am listening to nirvana
yes i listen to a lot of people
i am a musician, but i don't know much about you
i like music that is very heavy
i have never heard of tool. i am a musician... what else do you like to
no pets. i have a cat... you?
nice! i have a dog too. he is a cat, he is a bit of a punk
i love dogs, they are so adorable
i always bring home a pet. i love my petshop
that is awesome. i like toys i have toyed with on tv
lol. my dad was a cop, so we both see each other often.
i don't follow rules, but i have been following them in high school.
i can understand that... people are the best
yeah, i am a rebel too!
i like to play poker. i played poker with my wife and three kids.
i enjoy going to the movies and playing fantasy videogames.
i have two kids. do you have a wife?
yes, i am a stay at home mom. do you?
i am a doctor. i am in school now.
i am learning to code in my college. i have a degree in computer science
i have never been sober, but i don't drink much.
yeah i don't get out much. my mom has a hard time with alcohol
it is because i am happy and not so happy
i hope you do. it is your goal to be happy
i would like to travel to any other country
i would love to go to africa. what about you?
that is awesome! what kind of videogames do you play?
i love the first one. do you like them?
that is great. i like poker.
wow! i am so sorry to hear that. i am a young adult so i understand.
i have seen the movie titanic ten times. i am the first celebrity!
i like video games but i am not good at coding
my golden retriever ginger is my baby.
yes i do, i have a mom and dad from canada
my dog ginger is my best friend.
i would love to be a programmer
wow, you should try that. i am really trying to learn how to do something online
i hope you can be a computer programmer
i have a golden retriever named ginger. he is my favorite.
yes i do. i have a baby from canada, do you have a family?
yes i live in the us, i live in new york.
do you have any pets?
hi! i am a bandleader and my dad is a trucker.
cool. i am also a tv show fan.
i love the office, i play the lead singer on a popular band
what is your favorite food? i like candy.
yeah! my dad works for the office so i have to go.
no, he does not like cars, i don't have a car yet.
nice! i would rather party when i am not playing gigs.
oh yeah, i hate the office, i would rather be a unicycle.
that is funny, my 3 sisters are my best friends
no, i have three brothers. what is your gender?
oh, i have no siblings.... i am the lead singer in a band.
do you have a lot of siblings?
i am not sure. i am the lead singer in a popular band.
lol... so, what do you do?
that is what my dad would do... i go to concerts with my sister and we play
that is nice. i am thinking about being a singer.
i am a baby boomer. what about you?
i like the songs i sing the folk songs
i am a cross stitch and quilter, you?
do you have a favorite color?
sounds like a cute name. i am a petite baby boomer
so i am a nurse
that is great! i am not sure if i am a fan of cross stitch
what do you do in your spare time?
i have to get up early!
it was a fun day. i was at the army for a while.
my dad was in the army, he was a huge pager fan.
that is great! i would like to go back to work
i am good. how are you?
i am great! i live in the city.
i live in the mountains. how about you?
i live in florida, have you lived there?
i am a writer
i am a salesperson.
i was an introvert
i design graphic designs. what about you?
that is cool, i am a tough guy.
yes. i eat meat a lot and enjoy graphic design.
i do, but i am more into chicken
i love chicken and broccoli
i do, i love veggies so much i am vegan
i am an omnivore, i love music.
yes i love music. what kind of music do you like?
i love watching football on sundays. what do you like to do?
i am a karate instructor and i am in tae kwan.
that is cool. do you have any pets?
i have a dog. what kind of dog do you have?
that is so sweet! what do you do for a living?
i work at a shelter..... that is nice
i am cooking a delicious vegan cheese pizza.
i like fried noodles
yum. do you like cheese pizza?
i have not, but i bet it is good. i am a champion at tae kwan
i love hot days. so do i.
cool. i have never eaten hot noodles
oh, i am a christian myself. i wish i had the right hair stylist to do
i wish i had gone to school. i miss that
i cannot wait for the holidays to come to an end.
i am afraid of the environment, i adopted a stray cat recently.
no, i don't. i just bought a house, so no pets.
i hope you don't have to worry about the environment.
i like to run my dog obedience class. i enjoy it.
what kind of music do you like? i like folk songs.
well, i hope to be more like that sometime soon.
what kind of music do you teach?
i am not really worried about the environment, but i do want to eat sweets
that sounds like fun. i hope it goes well.
that is very sad. what is the worst thing you have done?
i am not sure if i could sew a house fire. i need a way to help you.
wow! that is very cool. i am a businessman
yes. they are the best.
i have a couple of dogs, two cats, and a few turtles
what city are you from? i live in a large city
i am in a small city but i work at a shelter as a kennel cleaner
that is great. i like to paint my apartment
i don't like music but i do love simple plan.
i like taylor swift i love her so much
i don't like that at all.
i like taylor swift and she is my favorite
that is funny, i am a manager of animals.
oh that is not a good meeting for me
i love simple plan. what are your hobbies?
yes, i do love music, i love taylor swift
i like simple plan, its my favorite band
i don't really know if i like horses but i do like them
i am a horse person, so i have to go horseback.
i am fine, listening to my favorite singer barry manila. you?
that is good. what do you do for a living?
no, he does not. i have two cats and a dog
i have two dogs. they are the best.
do you have a favorite indian culture?
no i am not. i am a native american.
that is a very interesting history
i am, but i don't get religious
oh well you are very unique.
i don't think so. i am afraid of heights too
do you have any pets?
i love animals. i have a pet pig, a dog, a bird, and a bird
i have a dog and 3 cats.
wow that is a lot of cats. do you have any pets?
they are named cinderella and lily.
i play guitar, but mostly jazz.
that is cool. i love music so much.
what do you do for a living?
i am a college student
i am a batista so i am really good
that is awesome. do you have a lot of money?
i don't like coffee, i am not familiar with it
do you like soccer? i love soccer!
i like playing the guitar how about you
cool. i like to listen to rap music when i am not in school
2. i live in chicago, my family lives in an apartment
i am in florida. i am a college student.
that is cool. where are you from?
i don't know how to pay for that. i am a nurse
i am a marine biologist. what do you do?
my kids and i ride our bikes. i love it.
that is great. we can go for a date sometime.
that would be cool, but i have three kids and six grandchildren
that is awesome. do you have a lot of time for family?
i don't know if i would like to go to a party
i am studying biology for my major.
do you have any kids
wow that is a lot of kids. i love texting.
i am sure they will, i am glad i have three grandchildren
they are a good teacher. they will make sure i know how to help you.
yeah that is fun, i am a student too
i am a virgin. you like kids?
yeah they are but i am not sure they are that bad
good, just got back from the gym.
i am doing well. just got done with work. i am a registered nurse.
i am sorry. i had a broken leg last year.
wow, i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
it is a little painful. i just got back from a sushi place.
i am so sorry. i want to be my own nurse.
do you have any other favorite foods?
i don't eat a lot of pizza, but i love tree Hill
i watch it a lot while i work out
i prefer cable.
i like to watch youtube videos while i am in the gym
that is cool. i used to be a registered nurse.
i am not sure if i should or should not watch facebook.
i need to learn.
that is good. i am not sure how to get over it.
i am good. just got back from walking the long distance.
i love traveling. i have traveled with my friends for years. i love onions.
i love italian food. i am from the south of europe.
i hate cats, but i do love them! i love them too!
i love it. so many people.
awesome, do you do any nursing work?
oh nice. i wish i had time to travel.
that is nice of him. do you have a husband?
it is nice to be lucky.
where are you from?
it is. i have never been to idaho.
i bet its cold there
i live in a small town
that is cool, i am on google
yeah i am guessing so.
hi, i am doing well. just got back from a party.
i am listening to some old music. what is it?
nice. i am a singer, i love to party
nice name, what is your band?
i am just hanging out with my three sisters
you should tell them you are a singer. i like them
that sounds fun. you can do it
that sounds fun, i am sure they will enjoy it
i am from the midwest. i drive a semi.
i see. i get to see oldies stuff.
i love meat and party when i am not playing the gig. i don't eat it
my favorite thing to eat is barbeque
i just moved here from cali
that sounds fun! i like to play racquetball and i enjoy trying new places
i do, i am a lead singer in a popular band.
hi, i am a doctor in the healthcare industry. you?
yes, i am. they are so good at their job.
i am the lead singer in my band. what music do you like?
you sound like a sick person.
i am not very good at dancing. i am too tall to dance.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i love it.
oh yeah, the one about the bridesmaids.
i am also a student. i never finished high school.
i was in college but i got accepted into college
do you have siblings? i have a sister.
no. i am in the healthcare field.
wow. i have 3 sisters. what do you do for work?
i don't have brothers. i am too tall for them.
i have 3 brothers. i am the lead singer in a band.
no. i am a stand up comedian.
i am great! i just finished my nursing school.
i have three children all girls. how about you?
i am a nurse. i have just completed my first full time job
my parents are firefighters and i have three children.
i am glad you are being so comfortable
yes. i have a big family. i am in a band.
i wish i could have a better life
do you like school?
what do you do for fun?
i like music, do you?
not really, i just don't have time for it.
i love music too, i love heart music
i have never heard of it
what kind of music do you like?
i like to listen to music.
hi! i am gimmele. tell me about yourself!
hi ryan. i am katie. what is your name?
i am well thanks for asking. tell me about yourself.
i am good. how are you?
i am a student. i am just finishing up my law degree.
wow! i am only 14, but i love pink floyd
i am studying law. i have not heard of you.
i know the math and reading are very good. i am a teacher, but i hate cats.
i have a twin brother. i have no siblings.
no, i am not that big a sister.
wow, you are really close to sisters. do you like them?
it is. do you like music?
i really like pink floyd, but i am not a fan of pink floyd.
i don't have any pets. i love dogs but hate cats.
no. i don't have any pets, but i have a job.
i am doing well thank you for asking
i am good, how are you?
i am doing well. just got done playing board games
yes i do i have a dog and three cats
i have a name of arizona. what about you?
her name is barry manila, what about you?
that is great i have seen that movie a few times
i have 3 dogs and a cat
they are old but are very nice
i am 32 and i love my cats
i am 32 now
i am not sure i am psychic
oh cool i am a college student
i am in psychology
oh cool. i am a teacher at a local school.
i am from new york, you?
i am well. i love it here.
i like snow, and i like snow too.
i like to relax and chill with my two brothers.
i don't like skiing either i don't have any hobbies
they are about 8 years old.
i have two sisters and a brother.
i have two brothers. do you like metallica?
i love music but not metallica. i don't listen to it.
i don't know if i would say that. i don't know what that is.
i love metallica! they are great. do you like music?
that is cool i like metallica music too
cool. i like pop music a lot but i don't want kids
i am doing well. what are you doing for a living?
i am doing good. just relaxing with my family and then going out with friends.
what do you do for a living?
sounds like a good time, i am just eating dinner with my family.
yes, i do, i paint a lot of things
i like to paint underwater
that is cool. i live in a large city and i really like to explore it
that is nice. do you have any family?
that is cool. do you like music? i love taylor swift
yes, i like country music and country music is my favorite
that is cool, i like country music too
that is awesome, she is my favorite singer
i have not heard of her, i like horses
no, i don't have any pets
that is too bad. do you have any bad smells?
i am doing good, just finished painting my house
that is cool. i live on a farm in seattle.
yes, i have a few horses that live in my house.
what do you do for a living?
i love the small town and the horses.
yes, i can ride my horse as long as there is room for one.
i live in texas and i love it.
i have a job, but i don't have a car.
i love cats! i love to paint in my spare time.
do you have horses? i would rather take a ride in my apartment.
i do. i have two. they are both in the city.
i also like riding horses, too.
what color is your car?
what kind of pictures do you like?
that is great. i have two girls, they are all very shy.
oh that is a shame. i am sorry to hear that. i am single.
what do you do for a living? i am a hair stylist.
i will have to check my sister out. i am sure she would love to shop for me.
i am a dog fan. i am going to the mall to collect antiques
i am heading to boston. i want to go shopping soon.
i like to pretend to be cool and look like my husband
i am a registered nurse. i like shopping but i am single.
i am sorry to hear that. i am married.
wow that is pretty awful, i would rather have a hobby.
i am sure it is. i don't have kids
i am sorry, i am married and only have one son.
i have a dog and i love him
do you dye your hair?
sometimes. i fake my british accent
you are very lucky. i am close with my sister.
i am great! just finished eating my steak. what are you doing?
that sounds good. i love dark superhero movies, but i don't like dogs
do you have a favorite band?
i like dark beers. i am afraid of them.
i like whiskey but i am not big on whiskey.
i really like drinking scotch when i am not writing my short stories.
i don't blame you. i was hoping you were.
that is nice. i write short stories for a living.
no i don't i am a graphic designer
i am a writer, i do short stories for a living
that is cool. i am an omnivore, i love to write.
haha, i am sorry. i don't mind dogs though.
i am not a dog person either. i love my new hat
hi, i am retired. how about you?
nice! i was in the military when i was young.
i am a pet owner, my dog is a tomcat
i am a veteran myself, but i have a lot of experience with men.
i am not old enough to be your age
nice! i am old as well, but i love music.
i don't really have any ideas. i do like to cook
sounds like a good job. i only smoke when i can.
i dance well. i am always looking forward to retiring in five years
i don't dance, but i am in a family, so i dance a lot
no, i am not. i am retired, but i still enjoy oldies
how old are you now?
no, i am a military veteran. i am looking forward to retiring in five years
very nice. you have any children?
i have two boys. are you married?
i am doing great, how are you?
great. just got back from exercising.
i am a champion, i was at tae kwan do a few times
that is cool. i just eat too much of it
no, i am a girl. i am a 12 year old.
do you have any pets?
no. i am a dog but i don't have any.
i live in cali, you? i have two cats and a dog.
aww. i live in nyc. i have never been out of state.
i live in the us. where do you live?
that is amazing! i am a champion at tae kwan do too.
i do it mostly to eat, i am trying to make my own business and get into writing.
oh, that is interesting. i don't really have any hobbies.
yes i love to cook, especially for long hours.
i don't like diet cookbooks, but i do cook them for tae kwan do.
i am doing well. just finished drinking some coffee.
what happened? i am not sure. i am just cleaning the cabin.
cool. i love jazz. do you like music?
i am into rock music. what do you like to do for fun?
that sounds great. i like jazz too.
thanks! i don't have time for that. i have to work on my stereo.
i am going to go out and read. where are you from?
that is great! do you travel often?
i am a freelance writer. you?
nice. i am also a radiologist.
that is nice. i am going to be a nurse.
i also love to hike and camp. what are your hobbies?
just running and reading. i love to cook.
i love cooking. what about you?
that is great. what else do you enjoy?
my son is 5 and i have a golden retriever named ginger
wow that is awesome. i have restored classic cars and antique trucks.
no i don't hunt but i have seen it once in my lifetime.
that is great. i am a handyman. what do you do for work?
i like to model cars. you?
my dream is to become a model car collector.
i just got a golden retriever. he is my dog.
oh that is cute. i am allergic to shellfish
yes i have, i am going to see the titanic 10 times
i would rather just do something fun. i restore classic cars.
yes she was. i have been living in texas for about a year now
yes. i also have a dog named kitty.
no, she was a dog. i am sorry. i don't think i would like a dog
i am doing well. i just finished eating pizza!
i like to clean my teeth and just paint them
i am not too busy with my six kids
i have a cat too i have a stray cat
what do you do for work?
i make clothing for the army.
what else do you like to do?
i like to sing folk songs and i also like to make my own clothes
i like paranormal romances, but i don't sing much. i do read
very cool. i like to read
it is, do you like movies?
i like to sing folk songs. i have a few dogs.
i do listen to rock music
folk music mostly. do you like music?
cool what kind of music do you like?
i am good, i have been at the same job for a year now. i hate cats.
oh okay. i just keep my kids in a room.
i do. i work in a hospital. i have been there for years.
that is a good career! i am a real estate agent.
i like my job as a nurse. it pays the bills.
i would love to live in mississippi. i am 34 so i don't have a home
yes. i don't like onions. i hate them.
oh, i see. where are you from?
nice! do you agree with my opinion?
yeah, i am sure he will not like my onion.
i am 34 too. i was born in mississippi.
its called the orphanage. we don't have many spare time.
i like to cook. what about you?
that is awesome. i am a real estate agent for my own family.
i just eat onions so they don't get along.
i am good. just getting ready to go to college next year.
i am going to hairdresser school
i want to be a doctor when i grow up
oh that is terrible! i am going to hairdresser school
i am thinking about getting out in the world
i have a huge aquarium
i really like shopping and clothes
i love shopping and drink lots of wine
that is cool. i am going to a university next year as a freshman
a vintage 50 s dresser, i am thinking about going to hairdresser school
lol what happened?
i am going to eat some lunch
i am in high school, so i don't eat much granola
wow that is quite a young age
i am sorry. i am sorry too
no, my kids would like to have a walk with me.
i have a dog, and two cats.
that is cool, do you have any spare time for that?
i have three children and six grandchildren.
i have two kids. do you have any?
no, i am a single mom and a nursing assistant.
that would be great. i hope you have a good day.
that is great. do you have any pets?
he does not like cats, but he has allergies, which is why i am thinking of getting a
oh, that is too bad. do you have any pets?
what kind of relationship are you in?
that is a shame. do you have any kids?
i suppose he would be. i am a dog person.
i am okay, just got back from california, where i am from
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i am a boy. i have a tail.
what is the worst thing that can happen to you?
i don't like traffic, but i love skating. i don't like chips.
i am going to new york city next year
yes i do, i am on a cruise ship. i have chips, but no chips.
yes! i am just trying to make it to new york city.
oh okay. i like blueberries. do you play?
i am not that good. i don't know what i am going to do.
what do you do for a living?
i am in california, where do you work?
that sounds like a great place to work. do you like skater?
i sold models and actors to raise money for school
i am good how about you? i am cooking dinner
i am great. i just finished eating bacon, my favorite.
i like bacon! i love cooking, especially romance. i have never been to a restaurant.
i am a engineer, i love to go camping
yes, i do. i don't have a lot of friends but i do like dogs.
i don't like bugs i hate them
i am scared of cats, they are not good.
i don't have any pets, but i love them.
i am a cat lover.
what is your favorite subject?
yeah i am a romantic but not interested in romance
i like classic romance. they are my favorite.
i love the romance books, i like the movies.
i like the detective type of detective
i watch a lot of tv shows on my spare time.
i am doing good. just got done playing my video games.
i am doing well. i just got done with my band nirvana
it is very hot here.
i like to listen to nirvana music, its my favorite band
i like music, especially country music.
i have never been into music. do you like books?
what do you like to do for fun? i am a vet.
i love animals! do you have any hobbies?
i like animals as well as people
i love dogs, but i also like animals as well.
do you have any other hobbies? i am a video game fanatic.
i like nirvana. they are my favorite.
oh, i see. what is your favorite thing about it?
i like to listen to music
do you play any sports?
i am good. just playing my banjo. what about you?
i am taking college and hoping to be a teacher.
i can not afford it. i work at hollister, so i can not afford it
yes i do i do it for fun
what do you do for a living?
no i am a college student and i am hoping to teach some jujitsu
what are you studying? i am in college
i am taking college and hope to be a teacher
i am sorry to hear that, i have a tail. i don't like chips.
oh cool. i am in college studying for my masters
no i am not good at it
well, i am still in school, i want to be a teacher.
i was in high school, and i watched a movie about an ed giant
i watch a lot of youtube videos.
i don't watch much, but i watch it on my tv
i am good, just listening to some music.
i am well. i like country music. i love it. what do you do?
i like pop music especially country.
i am from canada, i love it there.
what city are you from? i am from new york
yes. i have a sister from canada and a brother from canada.
i have three sisters, but i don't have any siblings
oh wow! i am single, i have a little brother.
i am 22, it is a great age.
i am 30. how about you?
i am a college student, but i am always working on my band.
i am a dog person. you have any pets?
i have a dog and a cat. you?
that is great. i am not bad at it.
that is true. i have a great time
i am doing well. how about you?
i am doing well. just got done with a long day at work.
that is not good. i need to relax. i am in class studying to be a teacher.
oh, i am a champion at tae kwan do.
do you have any other hobbies?
i teach tae kwan do. what do you do for fun?
oh, i see. what else do you like to do?
i do a lot of that as well. i am a champion at tae kwan do.
i do once a week. what do you do?
i go to the state to see tae kwan do.
i don't know, i am not sure what that is.
do you ever get sick?
i don't care about risk taker.
oh wow, that is crazy!
lol i bet. i like roller coasters too.
i am doing great. how are you?
i am doing well. just got back from surgery. you?
what kind of dogs do you have?
my german name is leo
i have a dog named lucy. he is a little shy.
oh no! what happened?
it was very difficult for my parents. i have 3 children and they are all boys.
that s good. you should have had a little more fun
i am into music, i love heart
i like playing frisbee and reading.
that sounds fun. what else do you do for fun?
i have a big german shepherd, he loves fish
i like steak a lot. how about you?
i love steak too. i eat sardines for breakfast every day
i like the meat too much!
good, thank you. what do you like to do?
good, how are you?
that is great! i am a student and want to learn how to draw.
i am a senior manager.
wow! i am an artist too. i am currently working on a project.
yes. i have two brothers. my job is as a manager.
that is horrible! i am sorry.
i grew up in wisconsin and i was a dairy farmer.
well that is nice. i like to hike and read.
well, i like to hike. i plan my next move.
i love to read. what do you like to do?
no, but i am a political activist.
i like to read poetry. i collect weird stickers and get them when i go hiking.
hello, i am great. just got back from the library.
that sounds like fun i just rode my horses
i am sorry to hear that i am sorry about your legs
yes my right leg hurts the most i am not sure what to do
i like horses i love to take them when i am hiking
you can do that if you do it
you sound like a great artist.
i need to get rid of my leg!
i don't think i am going to have a lot of friends
they are so much more interesting i have to look them up
i don't know how to get rid of it
i am not really into that
i like snow though
i am glad i can open the car lol
i don't know what you are talking about
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i am single, so i have a wife and kids.
i have two kids.
i have 4 boys and one girl
wow that is so cool! i am 36. how old are you?
i am 40 years old
i am a real estate agent. i have lived in the city for 12 years
that is cool. i am a retired 40 year old
that is very impressive. what do you do for fun?
it is! i have a husband and kids. what do you do for fun?
i am 32 and i have two children
oh wow. i am 35.
i am. i am married.
sure, i am going to go shopping with my left leg.
oh that is a shame. i am a nurse.
i wish i could i could do that. i love horses
yes. i am currently a nurse.
what do you do for a living?
you can shop at my online shop. i am a nurse
that sounds fun. i hope to enjoy it
i don't know, but i do have to wait until i get a full time job.
that would be nice do you want to do that
i would sell clothes
i would like to get a car.
i travel to different places to shop.
i like shopping. i don't have the time. what do you like to eat?
you must be tired
do you have a favorite card? i like jujitsu.
i am a bodybuilder. i eat a lot of meat.
i am learning to do martial arts but i am still learning.
do you have a brother?
no, i have three siblings. you?
where do you work?
she is a teacher, i try to be a good student too.
do you have any siblings? i am a doctor
that is so cool, i am learning how to do that.
i do, i help people out when i can
i do. i don't have time for that kind of stuff though.
yeah, i do try to help people, i am a good teacher
yes, i am studying to be a doctor.
you are a very interesting person, i like to keep busy
i do, but i am homeschooled so i don't have a horse.
i do, i work in a grocery store, it is my favorite
i am in california and you?
i am in the usa
i am a high school senior. i am in college
i live in california where i work at a grocery store
i like to paint, i have an interest in robotics.
i love to paint. i have a passion for art.
i like blue. i love to dye my hair blue.
that is cool! i am in a hospital.
no, i live with my best friend. we go to california to work.
cool! what do you like to dye your hair?
yes, i dyed my hair pink.
do you live in a big city?
yes i have. i am in california.
no i have not. i have not been to america since i was a child.
i have been to australia once, but never been there.
oh that is a nice job, i am a real estate agent
that is a lot of money. i can not keep up with my 2 boys.
you should. i am 32 and still live in the city.
oh, do you like to hike? i like to go hiking.
i am a realtor, but i have not heard of hiking.
i live in ohio but i live in ohio.
oh that sounds like a great trip.
thank you. i am a single mom of two boys so it is always good to have family
i love it. what kind of car do you drive?
i see. so what do you do for fun?
i went to university of mississippi.
i went to california and now i live in ohio
oh wow. i went to college as a real estate agent for 12 years.
that is interesting i am an accountant for a big company
that is great. i am really enjoying my time.
i am great, i am a white male and i am very conservative
well i am a doctor so i am a model space ship
yes i got a job at the local church
cool. do you like videogames? i am into them
i live near a church and hunt a lot
i am a model ship builder.
very cool. i would love to build one more time
i am a doctor.
that is good, do you have a good job?
i just said something about that
i am a manager, i am a church attendant.
that is cool. what do you do for work?
a gun store and hunting and hunting.
what is your favorite video game?
i like to hunt and hunt and hunt and hunt
i am a student and studying law. you?
wow! i am a lawyer at a law school
i am studying to be successful
yes, i am the girl in my class
i live in texas, i have to go to college now
that sounds like fun. what do you do?
i like to study and study. i don't have any hobbies.
i don't. i study law and travel. i love traveling.
i wish i was in school. i would not be able to do much.
no i am a law student.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
i don't travel much, but i do go on adventures and get free time.
i enjoy nature in the fall.
hello! i like to watch movies and tv. do you?
i love animals too! i love animals too!
i love the teddy bears! i have been eating ice cream while watching tv.
yes, i collect teddy bears and have a large collection of them.
that is cool! i also love to eat ice cream!
yes. i am also a nurse. i make sure they get it every day.
what do you do for work?
i love zoos, i visit them often.
green is cool, i don't like exercise or physical activity.
i try to go to zoos to get better.
i am actually a housebody. i love watching movies and tv. you?
that is awesome. i am a nurse so i am pretty much an exercise machine.
i don't like him, i don't like him
that is nice of you to do that
thank you. my husband is the only one i love.
i am doing well how are you
i am good. just got done hunting and relaxing.
i live on the edris island. i love to hunt.
what island are you from? i am from the north
my sister and i like to dance a lot.
yes it is really cool i dance to it
my sister and i have 2 brothers and sisters.
yes i do. i am on a farm, so i eat only shellfish
i am too young to eat shellfish.
yes i am sorry for the loss
that is a great thing to hear. i am a mixed race girl and have a lot of siblings
i am young. i am very old
i am 22. how old are you?
i am hungry
you cannot eat shellfish? i am too young to eat it.
i am great. just taking my kids for a walk
what kind of things do you like?
i am in my 30s, i am very happy
i am not sure what that is like
yes that is true i love it
i like to go hiking, sometimes i hike with my 2 boys
i love to read. i also read a lot.
i have a day job. what do you do?
no i don't work but i do cook
that is a nice thing. do you have any siblings
it is. i am happy to have time with my kids
yeah i love it too. i also like driving my honda civic
i drive a school van. i was going to go to school but got bored
hey how old are you?
i don't sell anything, i just build things with my hands
what do you do for work? i work in a medical field.
oh okay, i am not an army man. i am a male soldier
wow, i am sorry to hear that. i don't have dogs but i love them.
i have a husband that is my parents divorce.
i see. my mom was not part of my life. she was not a doctor.
i wish you had a better life.
no. my name is jim. you?
wow that is a nice name. what did you want to do with your life?
yes i am happy, its fun to sing karok and i love it.
i love it.... i can blow some candles.
you should! i am allergic to dogs so i am not happy.
i am doing great, just got home from my hairdresser class.
wow, that is amazing. i am not familiar with hairdressing.
i am only going to school for the next few months.
i really want to be successful. i am studying law.
my two sons eat all the time.
i like all kinds of food, especially corn.
just my favorite cereal!
i will be a lawyer in three years. i am saving up for a big career
that is a long time. i am so excited!
that is a great thing to know.
what is your favorite food? i like a good ice cream.
i have two more years in college so i am not sure if i will ever make it out of
i like marigold and jenny.
that is awesome. i want to be a lawyer.
i have a pug.
oh, wow, that is cool. i like to go to the park
i am sorry to hear that. my mom and dad are proud immigrants to america.
i am a waitress. what do you do for a living?
that is a great age to be. i am a cross stitch and quilting wizard.
that is cool. i am thinking about retiring in 5 years.
you are a smoker? i am.
i am a retired officer. what about you?
cool! i am a family man. my parents are proud of america and are proud of me
sorry to hear that. what happened?
he passed away last year. i am a single mother.
he will never be sorry for that.
my parents had a bad relationship
he died in a car crash.
i understand. it was very sad.
i have a hobby, but no death.
i am doing great! how are you?
i am great. just finished a bbq and i am big
i am a mechanic for a local auto repair company
i work as a warehouse manager. how about you?
that is a shame. i love classic cars.
i don't have a hobby but i work in a warehouse.
oh, nice! i am a big fan of cooking fish!
i love horror movies, i love making barbecue
not really. i am afraid of being attacked by shellfish. it makes me sick.
oh no! i wish i had a good reason to eat them!
because they are creepy.
yeah they sound like they are real
i have a pet named husky
no, i am too tall to do anything right now
i have a dog
hi, i am a competitive body builder. what about you?
i graduated in may last year. what do you do for a living?
thank you! i am a full time parent.
i am 40. are you a girlfriend?
yes, i am married to my sister. i am color blind.
oh wow. i am not married. my girlfriend lives with me. she lives with me.
i love travelling and adventuring. i go to all the races in the country.
i have. i have never been to europe.
that sounds like a great place. what else do you like?
i have not but i do have a list of travel destinations.
maybe i will send you a ring
i am going to have a family. we have a lot of kids
i will have to go see my sister, she loves it.
i am doing well, how about you?
i am doing good. i lift weights for a living.
do you like sports? i am a college graduate and love watching sports.
i like sports, but i am tall so i don't have much room to watch them.
i like sports, but i am still in high school.
do you like basketball? i love it!
i watch sports on tv, but now i just watch movies on the internet
i love horror movies. do you like to watch them?
i love watching sports on tv.
i love watching horror movies. i love watching tv.
oh okay. what is your hobbies?
i like to lift weights. i do it in my spare time.
i have been a college graduate. how about you?
i am a warehouse worker.
i am in college and am married.
i am doing good just got back from the museum.
wow that is cool do you like it?
no i am a dog guy. i am a furry.
it was awesome! i am a twenty 8 year old male. what do you do for work?
yes, my wife is a furry and i have an allergy to her
i love to play on the internet. do you like to play on your own?
i am a computer programmer for dogs
no i have cats
i have a beard too
that is awesome i am a twenty eight year old male
i am 22, but i am pretty eccentric
i am good, you sound like me.
i am a stay at home mom with my dog
i am from baltimore, uk.
i am from california, do you have any dreams?
i am good, how about yourself?
i am doing well, reading my book.
what are you reading? i teach biology.
that is cool i work as a teacher so i am sure you are very busy.
i am a biology teacher.
i teach cooking, i am proud of it!
i love to travel. i also teach history.
i like to travel. i don't travel much.
do you travel a lot?
i am in new york, we are still very close.
i love to travel. i love to walk.
i do too. that is why i am so proud.
good night! where are you from?
thanks for chatting with me. thank you!
i can not. it does not work for me.
what are you shopping for?
i am going to be a doctor, you?
oh that is awesome. do you have family
my three boys are in high school so i have to go shopping with them.
yes they are. do you eat food
i am eating a lot of junk food
what grade are you in? i am going to hairdress school
do you have many friends?
i have never been to school. i eat healthy everyday.
what is your favorite food?
i have a car too.
what is san leandro? i drive a volkswagen.
no, he is going to seattle
yes i drive to san leandro
i have a nice vintage car. i drive a vintage 50 s
i like to gamble and play poker
i am an avid swimmer. i love to swim in the ocean
cool. i am a college student.
i am a student.
i am a teacher and i am hoping to become a teacher
that is cool. i am studying biology and have a degree in biology.
i am in cali.
that is cool, i attend university and study biology.
math. i am in school and hope to become a teacher.
that is a good choice, i am studying biology so i am pretty studious.
yes, i don't really have a favorite band. i prefer classical music.
i love music. what kind of music do you like to listen to?
i like jazz. it is so cool to listen to
that is a great song, ed sheeran is the best
that is awesome. i like to run to relieve stress.
no, i don't. i am only able to think of things i need to do.
i like to play tennis and rap. i am a 22 year old girl.
he is my favorite singer. i like tim mcgraw too.
i am not sure. i am a huge fan of him.
do you have a favorite singer?
that sounds so cool. i hope you like it.
what do you do to get out of doing it?
what do you do on your blog?
i am color blind so i don't see anything
i am more into sports and listen to music.
i am not so sure. i like tim mcgraw.
i see. i like colorblind people. i am also a writer.
he is a vocalist. he is really great.
i am not sure if i would write a blog about rap music.
i bet he would. i am not good at it.
i am doing well. i just finished reading. you?
i see. what are you up to?
i am a woman. i have two kids.
i have two boys and a girl.
oh wow! do you have any kids?
wow that is a lot of boys
where do you work?
i work in a pediatric hospital.
cool. are you a student or a teacher?
oh wow, i am so sorry to hear that. i am a huge fan of the tree hill
what is your favorite hobby?
i love pizza and pizza is my favorite food
i love vintage cars! i also have a big family.
do you have a favorite car?
nice. i am also into running. i like it when i have spare time.
hello, i am a nurse at a nursing home
i am a student, i am studying to be a nurse.
i am great, i have two kids and they love me.
i am sure he is very interested in learning more about the world.
he is five, and his name is jim. he is six years old.
what kind of music do you like to listen to? rap is my favorite.
i am more of a fan of pop. i am sure he likes it too.
i don't have kids, but i like to play sports and be active.
yes, i like to ride my bike
oh no! are you going to the party?
i am sure they will be. they are so excited!
yeah, it is. it is a lot of fun.
i love spending time with them too. they are so nice
thanks. do you like to sleep?
thank you. i also have a dog
i am good just reading a drama novel.
good, i am doing well. i am working from home
i live in florida but i have to travel to california to travel
i work in the warehouse
yes i do. i play video games and play them on weekends
i work in a warehouse
i am a musician on the weekends
i work in a warehouse and work in a metal lab
that is cool what do you like to cook
yes i lift weights
do you play any instruments?
oh, i see. i am a mechanic
i have never tried but it is worth it
i am good, just got home from a run. what do you do for fun?
do you eat vegetables? i have a large horse ranch.
i don't like veggies either. i just eat them
yes they do. i am a pretty good cook
that is a lot of land! i would like to be an actress
i agree, but its nice to have a break from them.
yes i do, he is amazing.
he is a good singer.
i would be good to work for a country singer
oh wow. i am so famous.
no, i am not. i am just a child
i don't watch much tv but i do like to cook
i like to watch tv.
why would you want to go
i keep at it
i am good! i just finished my year of law school.
good. just got done with my computer.
that is funny! i have a dog named max, he is my best friend.
that is okay. i am just loving my dog.
i have a girlfriend, but she is my best friend.
i am sorry to hear that. i have a dog.
my name is max, we have been together for about a year.
do you like to eat?
my girlfriend is also a lawyer, so i am studying to be a lawyer
i am. my dad is a mechanic, and my girlfriend likes surfing.
i am a student, i love surfing.
i drive a sports car, my dad is a mechanic.
i don't know if i can afford one, i am looking for a new car.
no, he does not. i just got my nails done.
she drives a black iphone.
great! i am good and you?
i am good just got back from ohio where do you live
i am in cali. what about you?
nice do you like hiking?
oh do you like music? i am a musician.
ohio is beautiful i go hiking in the winter
yes, i have done it once with a friend
that is cool do you have kids
no i don't. i am a musician and love music.
my 2 boys love to go hiking, i am in ohio.
i am a chef, i love to cook!
what is your favorite food
i am about to eat a new vegan chili pepper.
i am doing great how about yourself?
i am doing well, thanks for asking. how are you?
wow that is a great instrument. i am a professional musician.
yeah, i do. i play with my patients.
i am a nurse, i don't have a job, but i would like to.
no, i am a veterinarian, i am not a doctor
that is a long time! what kind of animals do you have?
i don't. i am a vet, so i have a lot of hours
cool. do you have any animals?
that sounds like a lot of fun. i am a musician.
i would love to have a pet, but my two brothers don't care about pets.
i like cats. they are my favorite.
i have one that is a bit rough. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing great thanks for asking. how are you?
i am doing good, how about you?
i work at a huge fantasy company.
i am a teacher and i am getting good grades
what kind of dreams are you into?
do you play card games
no i am not a big fantasy fan. i am a professional actor.
i have been into martial arts movies since i was a kid.
the lord of the rings, but i also like fantasy.
no, i am not a fan of cards. i am more of a martial artist.
i like gambling too. i have two part time jobs.
i bet! i am going to take college and hopefully teach you
i would not mind that. i am a freelance writer.
what do you want to do with that?
it is about a guy who is very protective of his family and loves them.
i am doing good how are you
i am doing well. how about you?
that is cool, i am a real estate agent
i teach english. what kind of practice do you teach?
do you work for a real estate company?
what kind of houses do you own?
i have not, i have been doing it since i was 34.
wow, i have never been away from the state.
i have two kids. do you have any pets?
i am 12 years old.
oh, i am sorry. i wish i had a lot more time to enjoy life
oh wow! i married my dad in tae kwan do
oh. i am. i have been there a few times.
i am doing great. just finished sewing and quilting. how about you?
oh cool! i spend most of my time at school
cool. what do you study?
i am in the ocean. do you like sea creatures?
i like the ocean too. i am a cross stitch and quilter.
they are great people i have long hair
it is very long. i am a woman. my parents are proud of me.
i have long wavy hair and a long tail. i love swimming
my parents were proud to be a mermaid. i love the ocean.
well, it was nice talking to you.
i think so, my dad is proud to be an american, he was an army guy.
yes i love seeing mermaids.
no, i am not sure i would want to see that.
i think so. i hope you are.
it is. he is a hero. i am proud to be an american.
i love sports so much i am married. i watch a lot of sports on tv.
i am a bodybuilder. do you like to do sports?
i love watching sports on tv, like soccer.
i don't like sports. i am a bodybuilder.
what are you studying for? i am going to be a college graduate
what did you do for a living?
i am married and engaged to be married too
i am just a girl. do you have any kids?
i like baseball. i am in college.
wow. do you have a job? i am a bodybuilder.
soccer, my favorite sport. what do you do?
she was a secretary. what about you?
no, no siblings. just a college grad student.
i am the kind of guy that would like to play soccer.
so you are in a relationship? i like to be engaged.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing good just got home from working in a factory.
where are you from?
yes i have. what do you do?
i would like to work out more
do you have kids?
no i want to hunt for them. i hope they are good
i am single and only have 1 child, but i am happy with the child
do you like ice fishing? i like it too.
i don't say i don't like that. i don't want to say it.
well i like to fish and hunt for them
i don't have a job. i am single and trying to save money.
that is nice, i go to work every day
i enjoy football as well
i have never seen a football player
it is going well. how are you?
pretty good, thanks for asking. just got back from my day off. how are you?
i work as a secretary at the county clerk.
yes, and i am in a program that
i am watching the news, and watching tv on my stove.
chicken wings. i love chicken wings.
what else do you like?
i have a chicken and cheese sandwich. i love italian food.
i love chicken alfredo.
do you know who taekwondo is?
i love my kids so much that i am having trouble finding someone to take care of them
i have two. one is a poodle and the other is a cat
i don't have any pets. i have a dog and a cat
do you have any hobbies?
that sounds fun! do you sing to the people who support you?
hi! i am doing great. just got done coding. you?
i am good. just finishing up my first year of school.
that is nice. i am just enjoying iced tea.
cool, do you like music?
i like country music but i also love drinking it on the weekends
i don't like rap either.
i like it too
i am sorry. i am sorry. i am sure you are ok.
i am sorry to hear that
well that is why i am trying to get back in.
i have never tried coding, i only like country music
i watch tv a lot
i don't really watch much television. i like to design websites
i have several parents, and my family has 4.
yes, my family is from canada. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing great, just finished reading a book about my dog.
i read mostly fiction, mostly nonfiction.
running is a great sport, i play it with my dog.
i like to play instruments too, what do you do for fun?
a guitar, but i play video games too
i like to run as well, i have been a runner for about 5 years.
do you play any instruments?
no i don't really think so, i don't like them.
i am hoping to buy a dog for christmas, i am also a vet
i have a nice apartment. i live in a poor area.
i live with my dog and i have to go to the vet soon.
i live in an apartment with a small cat.
i live in the city, so i don't have much time to play video games.
i live in a small apartment.
do you have any siblings? i love my family.
i am good how are you
i am just working on my acting career
oh wow that is cool what is it that you sing?
i hope you are ok with your kids i am single
i used to be in the army
i don't like kids either
i have to go to the park to get to my office
i drive a couple of miles from my job.
oh wow, that is so cool
you lazy don't do you
wow that s a good plan
that sounds like a lot of fun
i like to go to the beach
yeah i have to choose what i want to be
i prefer the beach
i like to listen to jazz while i cook.
my kids are reading now. they are the future.
what do you do for fun? i love to cook, and read.
i like old classic cars. i also love jazz.
i like to cook. i am a huge fan of cooking
my husband and i have a lot of money. we have vintage cars too.
i love pizza too. i am hoping to order one soon.
what do you do for a living? pediatrician?
i am a computer programmer.
well that is a shame. i am sure he would love more than one thing.
i have to pick them all the time.
i am sorry, are you married?
that is nice. i am a vegetarian so i just like eating a vegetarian food
i love dessert! my wife and kids like it.
i bet he will pay for it!
hi marie, i am fine, how are you?
i am 24 years old. how old are you?
wow! that is pretty cool. i have a birthday today.
oh wow! i am a girl. i am color blind.
i like rollercoasters. i love them.
i have not read much about it.
my dad is a champion of the tae kwan do, but i am not.
that is awesome! i am pretty competitive too
yea. i teach tae kwan do. i have never been away from the state.
that is so cool. what else do you like to do?
do you live in the states?
oh. i am sorry. my favorite singer is tim mcgraw.
no, but he is a national treasure.
i am good. how are you?
i am in florida, i grew up on a farm.
what do you do for a living?
i drive a truck for a living
i went to boston. i love it. i have never been there before
i do like you, i love you
thank you... i would like to see you look out for me
no, i am just asking... what are you up to?
i will, i don't know how to deal with them.
i am just a bum farmer, so i have to be very poor
i am a geologist, but i love it.
i like blue, and my favorite color is blue
i like blue. it is a nice color, and makes for a good ice fishing spot
i am well, thank you for asking. how are you?
i am doing well, thanks. how about you?
i do. i don't like politics. i prefer to read.
oh, i like to cook too. i am also a teacher.
i like to travel. i am a bookworm.
i am in school and i work as a teacher.
i teach english.
i teach history and history books.
i have two girls. i have a son.
i have a daughter named chanel. do you have any kids?
that is good. i hope that you do too.
yes, i am proud of them. i don't have a job.
i have a severe case of cancer.
oh wow, that is very sad.
she has an oesophagus, she is very health conscious.
i am good, how are you?
i am great, just got done studying. i am getting ready to go on a trip!
what test are you going to be in?
i am a student. i am looking for a lawyer.
that is really cool. i also want to be a writer
i do, i like traveling and going on adventures. i love to travel.
i live on the west coast. i am on the east coast too.
i love going on adventures. my girlfriend has a dog, so i would say she lives with me
i think i would rather go home and get a dog.
i have a couple dogs. i have a bunch of them.
awesome! i live in a single woman apartment.
it is. it is small but i love it.
i want to be a chef. i want to be a petite lady
i don't think so, i just saw a weird ghost.
well, i love paranormal romances, i love it.
i have read them before. i am obsessed with mystery.
i like it when i work as a waitress
that is cool. i am a salesperson.
no i make pizza and eat it
wow. do you have any other hobbies?
i do. i like to shop. i would love to shop at my mom restaurant
awesome! i love pizza and would rather have it on my pizza.
no i don't know that i like music
that is cool. i love pizza, but i don't really like pizza.
i have seen some of their music
i agree. i love listening to music, so i guess i would agree.
i like all music. i listen to paranormal music.
i like the band rush. what is your favorite band?
hello, i have a cat named scooter. i love cats.
no, i am doing very well. what do you do for a living?
that is a bummer. do you have any pets?
they are pretty smart kids. i teach english
yes, i am a teacher. what do you do?
what did you do?
what do you do for a living
i will write a book about it
you must be very talented!
well that is a good way to help people out. do you have a favorite god?
that is very nice of you. i hate to be racist.
that would be terrible, i have seen a lot of horror movies
that is a good character. my mom is a soldier.
i am a huge fantasy fan, i watch mark rufficial
i like the movie
i am great how are you
i am good just got back from a gym session.
i run for exercise. i am a pediatrician so i have a lot of exercise.
i would say about 3 pounds. i am a bodybuilder so i can lift weights
that is a lot. what else do you like to do?
i like to eat a lot of meat
i don't eat meat, but i do like it.
do you work? i work for a bodybuilding company.
i am a pediatrician, so i am always looking for ways to help people.
i like to burn fat. i am in the heart.
that is so cool. i am a pediatrician. what is your specialty?
my mom is a secretary. she is a huge building firm.
that is cool. i don't have any family. i am in the heart care field.
yes she works with people in the heart
i listen to jazz and listen to classic cars
i am good, just got off work from the army.
good do you work?
i like to do things like that.
i am a cop, i am not that kind of angry
yes it is. i am always on the run from the army and getting ready for the weekend.
oh, i hope you get out quickly
that is cool, i have a zoo. do you have any animals?
it is. do you have any bands?
what kind of band are you into?
nirvana and indie rock
that is great. i like music mostly country
oh no! i am sorry to hear that. i am not very happy with my job.
it helps me focus on my band.
do you run often? i am in a lot of fitness.
are you married or have kids?
i am good and you?
i am good how about you?
oh that is pretty awesome. i am sad about my weight.
what kind of food do you make
i do! i am a huge pizza fan, and i am doing great
i don't think i have ever made pizza
i don't have a church, but i am a chef so i don't have to.
nice i think you should be a spiritual person
my husband works nights and weekends so we don't get out much.
that is great i am a registered nurse at the hospital
yeah i am a little away from my family. i am always looking for a new home.
i would rather not
i am sure that is not the best thing. i don't have the time for it.
i hope so. we will find the right man
i don't like to eat but i will try if i have to.
i like to play model cars
i love brownies. do you like sweets?
i don't have one, but i have a golden retriever.
i like to take dogs to the club.
i don't have a dog, but i love ginger
i have a house with a big sweet tooth.
i have a few friends who are from france.
cool. do you dance?
i don't dance. do you have any kids?
i don't have any pets, but i have a cat.
oh my. i am sorry to hear that.
well, we can take pictures of her.
i do. i was watching the titanic ten times.
good. just got home from work.
i have been through a long day at work
not really. i am a gym trainer and i also go to the gym
yeah i am very athletic
well i drink water sometimes, i don't like water.
well i like to garden too i garden every day
i am sure you are healthy. i eat a lot of fruits and vegetables.
i live with my parents but i have a family
that is nice. i am single and single. i love being alone.
maybe i will tell you about yourself
i know that is a lot but you have been single?
that is amazing i am sure you will be happy with your children
do you have any siblings? i am single.
oh wow. i have traveled to six countries
i like to visit new places. i also love to drink water.
i am working out and i love to work out
do you like animals?
oh my! that is so cool i love animals
are they cute? i am an animal activist
that is a lot of work to do. i have a dog
horses are the best
i am a nanny but my mother loves my sons
i am not sure i know what i mean i just eat them
that is awesome i am vegan but i like sushi
me too i love beans
oh ok what are you eating?
my job is as a kennel cleaner
i am a fitness instructor for a fitness company
what is scotch?
haha, i think i might get a scotch sometime.
i am a homebody so i like to exercise.
i need to get out of the way more. i write short stories for a living.
i see. i am homechooled, so i am always home.
i work in a carnival, so it is a lot of work.
i see. i just went to a party for a party tonight.
yes i do. i am actually in college now.
what kind of writer? i love comic books.
i write short stories about superheroes and vampires.
i also like to dress up in costumes.
oh wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i like to dress up like my characters.
yes, i like to dress up as them.
i am happy for you.
hello, i am doing well. i am writing a short story.
i am not scared, i am in my two part time jobs.
cool. what kind of scotch do you drink?
i like to read. i like to binge watch the lord of the rings.
i don't work. i am afraid of getting hit by a dog.
i write fantasy books, and am a writer.
what do you do for a living?
i like the lord of the rings. what about you?
that is awesome. i am a fiction writer.
i love fantasy novels, especially the lord of the rings.
well that is a joker. i don't like it.
what a great name! i am writing a fantasy book about that.
what do you do for a living?
i am doing good. just got off work. how are you?
i am doing great! how are you?
i am glad to hear that. i am in the community. i am a single mom.
you can come and i will pay you
i am a singer i don't want kids i want to be an actress
i hate food and don't eat it
why not? i am single and cannot hold a baby anymore
do you ever watch the war in the us?
my life is not fair. i wish i was alone.
i am sorry to hear that
i am famous. you are famous?
i am a proud american and i am proud to be an american
i see. he is my friend and i love him
what do you have in common with him
me too i love him too
no i don't think so, i am very active.
i am allergic to mangoes so i don't know what that means.
oh you are right i am sorry for your allergic
what are you going to do to win?
i like to listen to rap music and get out and party.
i am a dog lover. i like to make my dogs hair so fake.
i have a dog named lucy. i am a student so i don't have any pets
i like sports too, but i am a dog stylist.
do you like to exercise?
that is good. i work as a hair stylist
i am sure you will be successful in your future!
i drive my british accent to work.
that is great i am studying for my masters.
what do you study?
what do you do for work?
i just finished reading a romance novel.
what is your novel about? i am five feet tall and i am reading it
i love to cook. i am a single woman. i want to be a chef.
i love sweets, what kind of food do you like to eat
i love baking and working out! i love to cook!
do you have any other hobbies? i have a dog pedro.
i am 32 so i don't really have a stool
i am 5 foot tall!!!!
wow! you are quite short.
i am, thank you! my dog is five feet tall and we are together
i don't think i could have a dog.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that
i know him. i don't know him either. i think he would be nice
i would love to. i would love to bake muffins
i could not afford to do that. i live in a house with my husband and children.
i am good how are you
i am great! i am eating a healthy diet.
i like pasta i like jazz it is my favorite.
i like to read too. what is your favorite subject?
i love cars
do you like ice cream?
yes i do i have two kids i love them
that is cool do you like movies
i like music and i am a pediatrician.
i enjoy watching tv with my homebody and i like movies too
i like being at home with my two kids.
do you have any other disabled people
i was raised with many different disabilities.
i am great. tell me a little about yourself.
just relaxing with my family.
oh my, i have two boys, i have 2 sisters.
no i am not. my sons are older than me and i have two.
two boys and a girl. they are great.
i am a barber. i like it.
i love hair products. what kind of hair products do you use?
no, i am not. i am in school now.
i work as a manager for a real estate company
do you have any pets?
i don't have any pets. do you?
what kind of fish do you fish for?
cool. i am a professional manager of a lot of different places
i also collect vintage 50s decorations
nice! i really like you
i am benny, i am in the army. i am colorblind.
i am doing well. i am just hanging out with my dad. what do you do for fun
i like to sing karok music, my favorite
i have never been away from the state i live in.
i am sorry. i am sure you have a good family.
i don't. i am just a kid. i teach at the elementary school.
that is awesome! do you have a favorite color?
i like purple, the color of my belt.
i don't have a favorite color. i am colorblind.
that is cool. do you have a favorite color?
i think it would be red. what about you?
mine is blue. my favorite is black.
i am 30, how about you?
i am in college right now
i went into the army after high school
i am doing good and you?
i am doing well, just finishing up my thesis.
oh ok, that is good to hear!
i was a student growing up in the us and was fascinated with biology.
music and drama. i am going to play some in my band
wow, i was in school and studied anatomy.
that is great. do you like to travel?
i want to go back to school.
no, i am an infant, my name is jordan.
not really. drinking. i am in college, studying biology.
that is not good. you are young.
i am a student. i am too busy with my student loans to party.
a boy. i am the only girl.
i agree. that is a fun time
yes! that is a great thing to hear.
i am good. how are you?
i am good. just got done working on my online business.
cool. i just got done cooking dinner.
i live in texas. i don't have a home, i am a guy.
i love the smell of fresh fish.
i am an 18 year old male
i am 32. how old are you?
i have been to five states before.
i live in the west coast.
i am still young. i am sorry to hear that.
i live in cali. it is nice to go out and explore with my sea creatures.
yes, but i have no car.
i live in ny. do you like seafood?
you should come to texas.
i don't want to live in a place like that.
i am doing good, just finished eating some meat.
that is really good! i like steak too.
do you like it too?
i like to workout at the gym
i am in a gym all day
i have a job as a delivery driver so i don't get much exercise
i have a huge stereo in my truck, which is hard to keep in
do you work a lot
i have to eat meat because i am hungry
i am single, i am a part time worker
you should get out and hike more. i prefer camping.
i like to drink water. its my favorite
oh no, don't tell anyone that i am here. i am just outside the walls.
hi there, what is your name?
i have been so sorry to hear that.
i am not really. i have two cats and i write romance novels.
oh.... i just got done driving around.
no i did not want to eat them
why do you have to take them to the clinic?
yes i have a bunch of cats i write a lot
i am a baker for a living. do you like cookies?
that sounds good i like sweet
yes. what do you do for a living?
i write and sell romance novels
that is cool. i am an author
i have 2 and a handful of novels
that is cool... i am a reader
i can not give them names but i know they are sexy
i am doing well. just came back from zoos. you?
do you like the zoo?
i love teddy bears.
i have a lot of them, vintage 50s decorating.
what do you do for work?
i am going to hairdresser school.
that is cool. i like to eat sweets.
i wish i could eat more granola, but i am so hungry.
what is your favorite color?
i like the color purple. what is your favorite color?
i like green too
i am going to school for my job.
i am a volunteer. i volunteer at zoos.
i am doing very well, how about you?
i am doing good just got back from work
do you have any pets? i have a dog.
what kind of hunting do you like?
i like to hunt, what about you?
what do you hunt?
i am a big hunter too. i have seen my fair share of them.
i work as a healthcare technician
i work in a field service company.
that is cool do you have free time?
i am a handyman. i don't have time for anything else.
i like to watch movies and movies
i like movies, too. do you like movies?
i like the classics like steely duke and the new moon
that is a good one. i am a little funny sometimes.
i am ok. i am just leaving the funeral home.
oh no! i am sorry. i hope you are okay.
how long have you been unemployed?
i am a bartender, i am pretty good at it.
that is awesome. i am in engineering. i am a scientist.
oh wow, i am an administrative assistant, so i work at a barbeque restaurant.
i am a science fiction writer. do you have a job?
i am an assistant. what do you do?
that is awesome! what do you do for work?
i have one son, and a daughter. what do you do for fun?
i am single and don't have kids. do you have any?
yes, i am aware of the situation. do you have any plans?
yes i am a scientist. what kind of science fiction do you like?
i am going to the hospital tomorrow. what are you up to?
what do you do for fun? i watch football on sundays.
i have not seen it. i want to go to the mall.
do you like cheese pizza? i love it.
that sounds fun!
i would love to do that too, i would love to do it
i would make you happy for sure
you could be my best friend, i love dogs
i like to go shopping for bug spray
i bet they are a lot of fun to have
it is. i have a dog he is named santa
i can eat cheese pizza when i am not watching football
you should, pizza is the best
i love pizza too
i love shopping. what color is your favorite color?
i am doing good. how are you?
i am great, how are you?
i am a fashion designer, what do you do?
i love fashion. i love the band rush, they are my favorite band.
i love graphic design, i want to be a fashion designer.
do you go to concerts?
i don't but i am so sorry.
that is a good time to be alive.
i did not know that. my best friend took my boyfriend in high school.
oh. i am sorry. that is not good.
i am sorry..... i would love to be a fashion designer.
i love high school. i am more of a graphic designer.
i have never been... i think it was because of my bad experience.
oh. well that is unfortunate. i am sure you understand my feelings
i am sorry. i wanted to go to school with my best friend.
no, i am in a shellfish world. i am shooting.
wow that is a lot of dogs
i am a good guy, i am a hunter
i am a mountain guide.
what kind of mountains do you like?
that is very nice of you.
i can afford to live on the land.
you should. do you have any pets?
that is great. i will save you money.
i don't have pets.
it is very true
i have a pet and 2 dogs
i am allergic to shellfish
oh, that is a lot.
i am really into hunting and restore classic cars
i am good. how are you?
i am great! i just got done reading and walking my cat.
what kind of things do you like to do on the bike?
that sounds like fun do you have any pets
i don't have any. i am homeless
i live in seattle so i don't have any pets
where did you go to college?
what do you do for fun? i just share an apartment with two roommates.
i hear ya. i have a big family that likes the rain and the wind
yes, it does, i am a kindergarten teacher
yes, but i am still a nurse
i love my cat
oh nice. i have one too
oh what do you do for fun
yes you do i am a nurse and i love it
i am doing well. how are you?
i am a stock broker. i am a stock market analyst.
i am in geology. i am currently studying for a masters degree.
i have a family that live in australia
i lost my parents. i am sorry.
you have a good sense of humor
the lake. i am in the Arctic.
i have a pet panda named charlie.
i am a geologist. i have never had a dog.
wow, he is an eggplant parmigiana.
i like all kinds of food. i am always hungry.
i like eggsplant parmigiana, what about you?
i love it! i also like eating ice cream.
how many years have you been in australia?
i have been to the us. i was once in a ski cabin.
hi lucy. good to meet you.
i like to ride my bike. it is my favorite thing to do.
i am an office secretary. what do you do for a living?
oh wow! i love that so much
i love animals too, i am a vegan
my three grown kids and 6 grandchildren have been with me a lot.
what kind of cat?
it is. i am a politician.
i am a secretary for an office
that is great. i am in the army and i am not a fan.
no i am in a small world
i am a nurse. what do you do for fun?
nice! i am a nurse, you? i play soccer in the hospital
hi there. i am just hanging out with my friends.
i do, i live in the island of nevada.
i am alone, but i am not alone.
i know how to write and read. i am an introvert.
i like to sing in choir and i am a teacher.
i like to sing too. my two cats love to sing.
i hope you don't mind my voice.
i am sorry. i am sure that is very hard. you should try writing a romance novel.
not really. i do play softball.
lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i like to sing taekwondo. i love italian food.
wow, that sounds like a lot of fun. i am a writer.
i would like to go back and play for a team, but i am too busy with school.
sometimes, i do, i go out to the beach and try to get to the beach with my
i love food. i am a big fan of cooking in my spare time.
i am retiring, but i want to try a barbeque restaurant.
that is a long time! i will be saving for retirement in new york.
i hope so! i have never been to the big apple.
you should. do you enjoy the company?
you should try hot tubs.
i am not into the hot tub. i am a desk attendant.
i hope you are still alive.
awesome! i don't like the walking dead. i prefer the office.
i love tv. i have been addicted to drugs for the past five years.
i love to eat!
i love cookies and bacon
i also enjoy jazz music and movies.
i like to try new bars. i am going to try some of them.
i hate having to drive, but i don't like music.
cool, i am a professional surfer.
hi merna, i am a biology major. what do you do?
i am a chef. you like cooking? i do.
i love to garden.
i live in a small apartment. you?
no, i own my own garden
i just got off work at the local lumber yard.
yes, i have several peas, they are my favorite.
i have a dog and i love it.
i don't. i teach biology at a college. you?
i hope you have a wonderful relationship.
i have two kids. do you have any pets?
do you like cooking? i do
i am not a chef. i teach biology
hello, i am the lord of the rings. how are you?
you should read the bible.
i do. i am a reader. what about you?
nice. i like italian food. i love the animals.
i see it as a noble profession. i teach arctic geology.
i have a big dog. i don't know much about him.
do you ever hunt for arctic explorers?
i see. do you have any pets?
interesting. i love to take my geologist wife fishing.
my favorite subject is italian. its really interesting.
do you like to go to church?
i think it is just a good idea.
true, i also believe that in a new religion
i am a christian and i think that is a good idea
i am a nonbeliever. but i try to find out about other beliefs.
i am in college, but i love to travel
i am a real estate agent for the past 12 years
that is awesome i have to travel to six countries to teach
yes i do but i don't travel much
i travel for walks to the panama to see the panama
i am 34 so i would love to travel.
do you have any hobbies? i like to walk my garden
i am 34 years old and live with my kids
i do garden a lot
oh that is great. i spend too much time with my two kids
i am a scientist so i have to do all the work
i do all the good things
yes it is. it is really rewarding for me.
we are very lucky to have so many
what kind of problems are you dealing with?
i am a life coach for a living
that is too bad. i am a republican. what do you do?
i am a democrat. i live in a low income apartment
that is cool. do you have any kids?
do you live on low income
i have a book collection
i am a chef. i love to cook.
no i am not. i am a teacher.
i read a lot. do you like to read?
you should listen to my music while you read.
not really. i listen to music while i run. do you like music?
i am not a huge fan of running either. i am a student.
no i am single. i don't have kids yet
i am good, just getting ready to go to the beach.
wow! i am doing pretty well, just got home from the army.
no i am a teacher
awesome. my son was born in puerto rico.
my birth place is in south carolina where my dad is a farmer
i am in the army and i am in south korea
i have been there... where are you from?
yes it is very stressful but i am glad that is over now
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
i hate my life, i hate everything.
haha. i like to be around people and animals.
yeah, it is ok. do you have a job?
thank you for being so kind
hi! i am doing ok, i am just so fat.
that is good. i am good. i am making barbecue.
i am not very good at cooking. i cook too much.
oh, i understand. i make lots of barbecue and i love making it!
i like to cook cats but i am not a fan of my weight
i love horror movies, especially the scary ones.
i have no family. i am unhappy with my weight
do you like horror movies? i love them!
i am sorry.... you know what is scary? my cats don't like it.
you must have a lot of weight to lift
i am a little bit, but i am happy with my weight
wow that is a lot. i am a heavy lifting person.
wow. that is a lot of work.
oh. i am not moving out of my house
we usually ship out packages of items we have for the cats.
i am great. just got done with my daily physical exercise
oh really? are you going to be training for a big fight?
i am in the army. i am a high school senior.
that is cool. i am a fitness fanatic.
i have been serving in the army for about a year.
it is a very important part of being in the army.
that is cool. i want to go to korea and visit my parents
they did. we traveled to new york and houston
oh wow, that is terrible. i am sorry.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like your life?
yeah, it is a good thing to do.
i am sorry, i would be the only one with a good sense of humor
that is good. you should take care of your family.
no, but my brother is close. he is in the army.
what happened to your family?
hi, i am doing well, just working on my kennel. how about you?
wow! that is cool. i have a dog.
my favorite animal is a crabby. what kind of dog do you have?
that is cool. i live with my sister and my dog.
what kind of music do you like? i love simple plan.
i do. i love the voices in my head.
no, not really. i have not. have you?
they are german. do you have any?
i see. i also like to drive my kennel.
cool. what else do you like to do?
i watch tv, like simple plan
i like hawaii. i live on edris island.
yes. i really like to watch the kids.
i like to watch the news.
i have not watched it. i do like to watch it on netflix
hey, i am good. i am just working. how about you?
wow. i am an arm and a leg kind of guy. do you have a tail?
i have two daughters.
i have a tail too. i spend most of my day in the water.
i live in the south. i am in a boat.
no, i am not. i am a surfer. but i do enjoy exploring with my sea
i am not a mermaid. i am a real estate agent. i am sure you are.
i love seafood. i eat too much of it and am overweight.
i read a lot. i am a real estate agent, i am also a mermaid.
i see. do you have any interesting facts about foreclosed property?
no. i am more into helping people.
i am in school. i spend most of my time at home.
i have not, but i do sell them.
i don't think so, i am pretty smart
i have a degree in computer science
i have not seen the movie titanic 10 times yet
that is awesome. what are you majoring in?
no i have not, i am not a good modeler
that is awesome. do you have any other hobbies? i am a doctor.
yes, she is a model car model... but i am more into model cars
how many do you have?
that would be very exciting... i have never seen that movie.
i can imagine... i have a brother and sister
yes, he will be my only son
haha, that would be terrible. what do you want to do?
she was not your best friend
i am in a different country.
i am from pennsylvania
i am lonely. i am a writer. i am from far away.
do you have a college degree?
i am a writer. i am also a writer.
i am in cali
i love to write, do you?
i love shopping! i am getting my first full time job as a nurse
i like to shop for anything that is close to my boat
that is nice! i have never had that kind of relationship
i am single and i am a writer. what about you?
what kind of husband is he?
do you like to do anything else?
hi joanna. i am in australia. i have a family in australia.
that sounds great. i am famous for being a singer.
i like to bake and cook.
i am a senior in college, what do you like to do?
i am. i am in australia now. i moved here from australia.
i am a singer. my mom is a teacher.
my mom is in school too, i bet she is an awesome teacher.
no pets, just my dad and i.
i have a dog named charlie, do you have any hobbies?
i love to sing and watch horror films. what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i sing with a band called the ld.
oh, i am sure you are an oldie. do you like music?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. just finished a long day of cooking and cooking.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
oh no! i do love to read!
that is great! i am a writer. i write short stories.
i don't. i don't have kids yet.
my husband is a teacher.
i make my own meals and cook them!
no, i don't. i would rather chill out with my kids and write stories.
my husband runs his own business and i have kids.
i am a writer, but i prefer to have kids.
i am not sure what that is. i have never written a letter.
i write stories for a living. i write short stories for a living.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing well. how are you?
yes i do a lot of hair work. i love it!
i am a secretary for the state
cool, i also love christmas. what are your hobbies?
i have christmas too
that is pretty awesome. i don't have any decorating done
what is your favorite color?
red. i love purple. how about you?
green is my favorite color, what is yours?
i love my new girlfriend
lol you must be a very big name
junkie. what is your favorite name
what is your favorite color?
well i am lucy too, i am very nice to you
pretty good. just got back from the grocery store. you?
i am eating scotch. i am so scared of dogs
i love apples
that sounds interesting. i like animals too
i like to paint and collect them
you must be very busy. i am a writer, but i love it.
what kind of music do you like?
i like her a lot. she is one of the best singers in my life.
he is a great guy. i am sure he will be good too
do you ever drink scotch?
yes i do! i am a very sober person
do you like movies?
comedies. i like comedies
i like superhero movies
i like to take care of my horses.
i am good. how about you?
i am nervous. what do you do?
oh wow. what a coincidence
i will! what do you do for fun?
i am only 3 months old
no i am not sure. i am afraid of pizza and its too sweet
lol, so do you have any siblings?
i will have to order some pizza later.
that sounds like a nice change of pace
i do but my brothers and sisters hate it
i am sorry to hear that. what do you like to do for fun?
that is nice of you. i have six older sisters and one younger brother
i am sorry. what kind of music do you like?
yes they do. i would love to see a business one day
oh. i will have to try it out. they are great.
hi i am from north dakota, i live in dakota
what kind of a novel? i write about the island life!
i was raised in the south dakota and i am not very good.
oh, i am a writer too. i have two cats.
i have a job as a advertising executive.
i am an online writer! i am on a remote island with two cats.
that sounds like fun! i am not sure if i should say that. i don't know my
i am the promoter of my fiction novel. you?
i believe in god and have traveled abroad. you?
i am a christian, but i don't know much about my religion.
i am from north dakota. i live in north dakota.
i do. i am a christian but i am not religious.
not really. i have not read anything. do you?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am great, thanks. how about you?
i like heart music too. i am listening to some band.
what do you do for a living?
i am a stay at home mom.
i am a body builder. i am a competitive body builder too
oh my, that is cool. i have a dog, he is named shannon.
they love food. do you have any pets?
that is good to have. do you exercise?
my sister helps me out with my favorite singer tim mcgraw.
i am a strong man, and i am not proud of being strong
nice! my sister and i have a lot in common.
nice. my sister has a crush on my sister.
what do you do for fun? my dream is to be a body builder
6 years, i have 3 girls. how about you?
hello, i am a kindergarten teacher.
i read to my kids at the same time.
i love it! i am a very big music fan!
i like to watch news on tv.
i love dancing to music. i am a swimmer.
i love to read the newspaper.
no, i don't know. i am not sure.
do you work? i don't. i am a democrat.
i teach kindergarten. i teach math. you dance?
are you a teacher?
i do, but i am a teacher. i get to say anything i want.
i love tv... what is your favorite show?
i do. i am a teacher.
i am not, i am single, but i do love italian food.
well i am singing a song about the best actress in town.
no, i would rather be alone with my dog.
i live in new york. what do you do?
i want to travel to europe, i want to travel too.
that sounds like fun. i just want to be close to the ldr
i am sure that is very impressive.
i am 50, how old are you?
i am 24. what about you?
are you married?
i am still young. i am young.
i hope you have something else to do.
why not?
hi i am good how are you?
i am doing well. just hanging out with my friends.
i am a big project person, it takes a lot of time to do
are you tall? i am 5 foot tall
i see. i see, i don't like to get in my car
i am 5 feet tall and i am 5 foot tall.
that is awesome! i used to be in the military
that is cool. i am an artist but i am still 5 feet tall
they were so old they would not even be able to retire
i am still a kid
i am only 18 now.
how old are you?
i am so tired. i am in my wheelchair
i hear you. i am an artist.
what do you do for work?
i am good, just finished eating pizza. you?
what kind of pizza do you like
oh okay. i enjoy pizza too.
i am a manager for a company
that is cool. i work at a pizza place.
do you like metallica music?
i like classic rock.
i like metallica
cool. what do you do for a living?
i like to hike and snowboard
that is cool. do you like reading?
what kind of books do you read?
oh. i love reading paranormal romance novels.
i like horror and horror stories
i love paranormal stories and paranormal romance.
hello, i am a engineer, i like to learn new things.
i am a student in college. what about you?
i like bacon i love bacon
i have a pet cat named arizona.
no i don't, i hate bugs
i have a cat named zebra. he is a mutt.
i have a job as a engineer.
i play board games and read biographies.
cool. what else do you do?
i am retired from college. what do you do for a living?
that is great you are good
that is good. i love it.
i also like bacon
do you have any goals for this weekend?
yes, do you eat bacon?
i am good just finished dinner. i love meat and drink it while camping
i just got done getting my nails done, i love them!
i love color, what is yours?
do you like sports?
i like hiking and camping.
i work in a factory
what do you drive?
i don't drive, i work in a factory.
i enjoy hiking and camping.
i like gardening, i also like it.
i love to garden. i have a huge stereo in my truck.
that is good i don't eat too much
she is a tall woman. she has a big stereo.
that sounds interesting i am scared of water
i used to listen to music in my truck.
i am doing well. i am studying biology.
i teach science and love to walk. i have made quilts for my students.
i teach italian. you?
i am an animal lover. my cat is my life.
oh nice. i live in europe and love it.
yes, i have made 3 quilts, all from the ground up.
i love animals. i am a vegetarian, but i have been to six countries.
i have a cat named charlie. i have a cat named sam.
no pets. i have a large garden. so i don't have a lot of animals.
no, i would rather see a party.
i am sure you will. nice talking to you.
thanks for asking. do you have pets?
no, i don't have time to answer. but i am sure i will.
i don't think so. i don't speak spanish.
yes, that sounds fun!
hi, i am great. how are you?
i am a swim instructor
oh, i like to garden. it is my favorite thing to do.
do you like swimming? i do. i love it when i am alone in my pool.
i would love to meditate! do you have any favorite colors?
i like purple. the color of the sea.
i am not a teacher. but i do enjoy being a college student.
i am a grandmother and a mom of two. i have a 3 year old son.
that is a great state! we have to do something about water now.
he was born in alabama and i believe in god
do you work? i work in a factory.
haha you can get a lot of drugs from the factory.
i am not a doctor but i like to train people.
i bet that makes you feel good. i just took a break from eating out.
i will call you soon. thanks for asking.
i am good. i am from texas.
yes. i am a dude online. you?
that is cool. i was born with a tail. it was removed from me.
lol. do you have a furry friend?
that is a good attitude. do you like to skate?
i do. i love to socialize with people. i am a 10 year old male.
that is interesting. i am not sure i am that interesting.
not really. i am a furry myself. i have 2 friends.
how old are you?
yeah, it is. but i still love the original version.
well i have not seen the new one yet.
its a good time.
i am very good at it. do you design costumes?
it is. i have a lot of hours online.
what kind of stunts do you do?
i am great, i am in college studying to be a college student.
i am studying to be a doctor, i work out every day.
i am studying to be a teacher. what kind of music do you like?
i like to listen to country, but i am not much of a music person.
i like to play sports and hang out with friends. what about you?
what are you studying?
i like to go to college. i also like to hang out with my friends.
i like to horseback riding, like i do with my horses.
i hang out with my friends and play sports. do you have a horse?
horses. they are the best. i also enjoy cooking meals with food from our garden.
i am a 22 year old girl. what do you grow?
i am 40. how about you?
i am a professional cyclist and do you like horses?
do you have any hobbies?
i play sports and hang out with friends.
great! how are you doing? i am good.
what part of the south are you from?
i live in michigan but i am moving to new york.
i am from north dakota. i am a christian
i am a religious person, so i believe in god
i was born in the us i grew up in north dakota
i am not religious, but i like to play sports.
i do, i play basketball and football
i play tennis, racquetball, and other sports.
that sounds like a good hobby
i love movies and am always looking forward to retirement.
i love to eat food. what kind of food do you like?
i love candy, and i love eating oldies.
what is your favorite food?
i have a peanut butter cup in my pocket.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am good what do you do for a living
i am in a writer job. i work in a carnival.
that is cool i have to buy stocks.
i do it for fun. i like to make short stories.
what is your favorite food?
i like to drink scotch and drink scotch with my friends.
i like to eat eggplant parmigiana.
nice! do you travel? i love to go to the movies.
i don't really have much time for movies. i am a stock broker
no, i am more of a character. i like to write stories for a living.
i love that one. i have a dog named charlie
no. i have a cat.
not really, i am a stockbroker
nice. do you have any pets
i am great. just hanging out with my huge ed sheeran fan. you?
oh wow, that is not good. do you have a family?
i just got done with my college teaching job.
i hope he gets better. i ride horses for fun.
he has to be a lot of work for that to be stress free
i have a huge beard, i am very expressive. i just need to brush my hair.
i have to have a regular customer to help me out.
i am sure you are very competitive.
i am hoping to be a teacher in the future.
i could make a lot of money. i am into horses, but i also enjoy taking them on
i am a huge ed sheeran fan. i ride horses to relieve stress.
i think it is sweet, but i think its too sweet to eat.
i bet you have to play poker to get your chips.
i am well thank you. i am sad to hear of your loss
oh wow. i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
i feel that way too. i am not good at dance though. i am still young.
i love to cook and ride my bike
that is cool! i love to dance.
i have to go dance too. i ride my bike.
that sounds fun. i live in edris island so i enjoy biking too.
i live in california. my youngest daughter and grandson live in florida.
nice. do you have a dog?
i like it. my family is small.
that is cool. i would love to be able to dance.
i am a cat lady. i have a dog.
she is just a very young girl.
yes i did, i was a little surprised i was able to catch a wolf
oh wow that is unfortunate. what else do you like?
i am going to buy a new camper van
that sounds like a great idea. i work for a company that rents homes.
i am too busy working as a consultant for a big corporation to do that.
i work for a leasing company, so i have a lot of time for hunting.
i would love to see you in the cold weather.
i am allergic to shellfish. i am allergic too.
i have no allergies. i have allergies to many things.
i am not a big fan of shellfish. what do you do?
i like to hike, but it is chilly here.
i enjoy hunting, but i don't have a car.
i have two brothers and a sister! do you have any siblings?
i have a brother, but i am not a big fan of him.
i have two brothers and a sister, but no siblings.
hey, i am in texas. i drive a truck for a living.
i live in texas. i spend a lot of time online. i am a furry.
that is cool. what do you do for work?
i am not sure. i am more into first life.
i have seven kids i am really big on them
wow. that is a lot. i don't have any children.
i am 27. what do you do for work?
i like to travel. i don't have any hobbies.
i love it. my favorite thing about it is my family is big on family time
wow that is a lot of hair.
wow, that is cool. i have a blue fur.
its very purple. what about yours?
i like the color blue too
texas. i am doing well. i hope to get there soon.
i am not a fan of meat. i like to read.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing well. what do you like to do?
i love to party. i am the lead singer of a popular band
i work as a model ship designer.
that is smart, i know.
i am. i am a college student.
nice. my 3 sisters are always around.
so you travel a lot?
i like to party
i play video games on my computer.
that is good to have
i have a few siblings.
i have a sister who lives with me
that is so nice. i like to hang out with friends
you should win the lottery.
i am fine how are you?
i am in college and i have not had a chance to go to college.
that is great, i am an administrative assistant
i am studying to be a doctor
i like history and i like ot play racquetball
that is a great idea. i have never done it before
what is your favorite restaurant?
oh cool. i don't eat them but i like them
i like to eat sushi and barbeque
i love all kinds of it
i don't have anything to do
what kind of food do you like
do you go to the buffet
oh wow that is a lot. i love sushi.
i don't really like the food but i have always wanted to try a barbeque.
hello i am a accountant
no, i don't. i like music and play music with my kids.
i have two boys. i am a single mom of two. what kind of music?
i play the violin. what about you?
i like rock. i love country music. what kind of music do you like?
i am a runner, i am a runner too
running is great! what do you do for a living?
about 6 months. i love to hike.
i listen to a lot of bird music!
new york city
what city are you from?
i am in new york city, i love running but i have trouble with park life
i live in ohio, but i live in ohio. do you have any other hobbies?
well, pizza is my favorite food
lol, well i have never had pizza and rude people. i am single.
i am good! i am going to go to the store today.
i am spending my day shopping. i am a nurse.
a mild scotch... i don't like to shop much
i am shopping for clothes. i am going to have to get a full time job.
cool. what do you do?
i am in college i go to school for nursing
oh nice. i work as a writer for a company.
i am so glad you are happy to meet me
i am afraid of dogs, they are not welcome in my life.
i don't know why she does that.
i have two dogs. they are named scotch and she is named red.
i am a pet owner.
no, i am not much of a pet person. i am a writer.
i have a pet dog, so i can use him to scare people
i am a scared dog fan.
i am good. just cutting a
that is horrible. i was in the army.
wow that is terrible. i have a doctor in my unit.
i am glad she is a doctor too. she is helping me make good money.
i am a college student. i am an engineering major.
i wish i could have gone into the army.
i am a model space ship developer. what do you do for a living?
i am allergic to dogs. they are my favorite.
i don't have any dogs. i don't like the military either.
i have a dog named chihuahua. he is colorblind.
i have 2 dogs, but i am allergic to cats
oh i bet you have a cat. i love cats.
i like both. i am a bit shy. you?
that is true. you sound like a very nice person.
i am also very shy so i am always having fun. cats are my favorite
i am good. just got home from my cats and dogs.
that sounds fun! i am a native of the mountains. i love nature!
i love poetry, especially barry manila
i write for a living. it is about weird things.
i am an animal lover, what about you?
i like animals too. i am a big animal lover.
cool! i love music too!
i like barry manila! i like the band ryanne
i am more of a foodie myself. i am an animal lover
they are pretty awesome!
that is a good one! i have a lot of friends and i am all about animals
no, not really. i do like weird shows and their weird stickers
i don't have a favorite, but i like cooking
i like him as well. he is my favorite.
i love food and animals. you?
i am doing well, how about you?
i am doing pretty good. do you have any family?
that s what makes me confused
i am studying law. i want to be a successful lawyer
oh no what are you talking about
lol, i am a student and i don't know what to say lol
okay. i am a college graduate. do you have a lawyer?
yeah, i am.
i like to go to the right place at the right time
i don't have time for that i am going to do it all myself
i will not be confused by it
i am actually in college and have two brothers
why do you have confusion on that?
i understand that. i am trying to be successful
i am married, so i am still single
i am doing well, listening to some music.
i am a bodybuilder so i don't listen to music. i am a doctor
that is great i am 5 foot tall
i am a bodybuilder so i am pretty tall
i wish i had a lot of people to help me.
that is awesome, i have a doctor, so i am a little taller than them.
my sister and i have a lot in it. we are 5 ft.
i like him and i like my brother too
i have two brothers too.
that is nice i have a lot of respect for him
oh yes they can be. what is the power of that?
i am more into eating healthy, i am a bodybuilder
that is my goal. i am trying to reach that goal.
i love meat! i eat a lot of it.
i am not very athletic. i eat a lot of meat.
great! what do you do for a living?
that is cool. i am spending my break painting my room
cool, i was just there last week i saw a furry convention
that is cool! i am from new york, do you live in a city?
they are in new york. what about you?
i live in a big city, in a big city.
nice! i have never been to the city.
what do you do for work?
i am a gamer. i like to play on second life. i play for fun.
that sounds like fun. what do you do for work?
a large game animal. i love playing on the internet.
i love the animals. i also like to paint and play with them.
i live in texas. i have a farm in the town of houston
i have a small farm. i am in a big city.
i love horses! i also like to play on them
that sounds fun! i would love to do that. i like music.
i like electronic. i like playing on the internet
i am working out to be honest.
oh no, i am sorry. i am going to a funeral.
i have not seen him in awhile. i have been looking for him.
i have a beard and i am a stylist for dogs.
i also blog about rabbit rescues. i am a competitive body builder.
that sounds like a lot of fun. i have a dog and a cat
dogs are cute. i like to look at my hair.
sounds like a lot of fun
i am sure they would love that. i am not sure i could ever do that.
what is teddy?
he is a good one, but i need a teddy roosevelt
oh really? that sounds fun.
i like to cook, have a lot of friends.
so do you have any kids? i am a wife, but divorced four times
that is too bad. i am a mom to my daughter and i am a competitive body builder
hi how are you today? i am doing great! i am enjoying a cup of coffee.
that is cool. i have a cat named suzie.
my name is joe. i have two boys.
cool. what do you do for a living?
what do you do for a living?
that is great. i also work on weight loss.
i like to hike in my spare time.
nice. i have a cat named wesley. he is a kitten.
cats are nice. i love to go hiking in the park.
i don't have any kids, but i do have 3!
i have two kids. they are all single.
i wish i had a dog. i have 3 kids and they live on the farm.
yes, i love to garden. i also like to garden.
i work as a daycare worker.
i do, my husband does too. what do you do for fun?
i am doing well. just learning to be a kindergarten teacher.
what are you teaching? i am a member of the club
no. i just love being around people and learning about them.
i am a republican, and i don't like it
wow! i am a mother. i am married with a young child.
that is cool. i am a teacher so i could teach you
that is awesome. i like cars. i love the convertible.
i am married and my kids like it too
i am a kindergarten teacher and i love them.
i teach middle school
nice! do you have any hobbies?
yeah i don't know what to do with them
i go swimming every day. i eat healthy too
i am a teacher so i am a little bit of a fitness fanatic
yeah i will, its nice to be able to take a break from work.
hi! i am mia. i have a son. i am a retired vet.
i am good. watching titanic ten times.
awesome! i have an interesting hobby. i also collect vintage 50s decorations.
i have a golden retriever named ginger. he loves model cars!
i enjoy cars. i also have a vintage 50 s in my garage.
i have not had much time for cars. i just took ginger and i love it.
my husband and i are going to hairdresser school together.
i like cars and trucks, what kind of car do you like?
that sounds nice. i have an exotic fish aquarium. i am thinking of going to hairdress
i am obsessed with model cars, i have seen the movie titanic ten times.
those things are really cool, i am sure they will be great!
cool, i love toy cars. i have a golden retriever.
wow! that is so funny. i don't have much in the way of food.
i can only imagine! i love to cook, and shrimp, too.
they went to the aquarium. they had to eat it!
good. just got home from a walk with my two dogs.
oh that is nice. i have a cat and 2 dogs.
dogs are great. they are the best lawyers i know.
i write for a newspaper. i live on a faraway island.
i am a litigator. i have two dogs.
i live in the us. i am on a very remote island.
i do. it is very beautiful. i am not religious.
i would love to live in hawaii, i am a writer.
i have two dogs and they love to watch me pray
i do, but i am not sure what i would do if i did.
do you get in trees?
i used to have a cat, but i would get him to go fetch me.
that is cute. do you have any pets?
i am doing ok how about you?
i am sorry. what is it like?
i am not happy with my weight, i am a great cook.
i am sorry i don't think that is a good idea.
i have 3 and they are fine. do you like to cook?
i love to eat a big apple.
i am happy for you! what else do you like to do?
what do you want to do when you grow up? i want to be an actress.
i don't have any kids. my cats are the best. they are my life.
no pets. i live in new york, but i am currently a model
i don't like it. i am not sure if i would want to work in a restaurant.
i like to sing and listen to music
it is not a good voice. i would rather be a chef.
oh, well that is good to hear!
i would say so, i don't sing. i also like the lullaby.
i am good, just looking at my neighbors
oh. i am in my house...
oh that is too bad. i am divorced, and have kids
oh i am sorry. i am sorry to hear that.
it was rough. i am sorry you feel that way
what do you do for a living?
that is good. it is hard being still.
do you have a family?
oh i am not sure what that would be
thank you for the kind words
i am sure you are! i am a male so i am very happy with my life
i have been eating out a lot lately. i love the food.
cool! what else do you like?
yes i sell it.
i love collecting vintage items. i have never been to the auction.
i am good, i am just looking for something different
i am still in college, but i am hoping to become a teacher.
i work as a janitor, so i am looking for a job.
what do you do for a living? i am a student.
he is great, my dad is the best singer.
that is great. i am a huge ed sheeran fan.
i am not a huge fan of any particular kind of music, but i do like to do something
i am sorry to hear that. i am learning to fix my problem.
maybe. maybe i could. maybe mcdonalds has a good job too.
i am glad you are supportive. it is great to be around people
thank you. you sound like a good teacher.
i teach jujitsu and i am hoping to be a teacher.
that is awesome! what grade are you in?
i am doing ok. i just finished cooking a dinner for my son.
i am teaching biology, so i am a college student
that is nice. i work at a hospital. do you travel?
i love traveling to other countries
wow! i have never been there. how old are you?
i am an indoor gardener
i like to cook. i eat vegetables and herbs.
i teach biology at a college.
do you like science?
i am glad you are enjoying it.
i could help you with that. what do you do for fun?
i travel to six different countries.
that sounds like fun. do you like country music?
oh wow. that sounds like fun! i am a singer.
country. the only people who don't like country music are those with disability.
i am good, how are you?
do you have any art supplies?
that is awesome! i have a horse
i do too. i have a horse and a dog.
i am not rich i am still very young
i don't work at the lab.
i am not sure if i would ever be able to ride
i am sorry. i am sorry you have to stop driving
oh wow. i bet you saw my face in a cast
i have a lot of pain, but i still try to find something to relieve it.
i am not sure what to say. i just have to keep myself in my head
i have to cover up the damage with insurance
i am a big fan of being able to have facial hair.
i have no facial hair. i do have a beard though.
that sounds lovely, i hope i do
i am good. just cleaning up after a long day at work.
not working. i am home from school.
oh no! i would not say i have a robot, but i would rather say i don't
what do you do for a living?
that is nice. i love going to the beach.
yes i do. i live in california, so i can get around easily.
i am from a zoo. i love the zoo.
i am home in california. i don't have a gun.
no, i am just a handyman. my company rents the land and i don't like shell
oh, ok. do you work?
its tough, but i am good at it.
i love to be around people.
i love to go fishing with my buddies, too.
sounds like a great hobby! i use to fish but now i am homechooled.
its a very nasty thing. i stay home and hunt every day.
i am not a fan of meat, but i am vegan
i am a big meathead. i am not a big meathead, but i do eat some
i like anything sweet, but i am not into animals.
i try to keep my weight in when i lift weights.
i don't have any dogs.
i need to work out more. i work out every weekend.
i love animals. i also love to take care of them.
i have a dog. i have a huge cage.
i have 3 cats and 2 dogs.
i am sorry to hear that. i have not had a dog since i was a kid.
i have a job, but i don't have any time.
no i don't. do you like to read?
i like music too. do you like barry manila?
i am good. how are you?
i am so shy, i am shy, and i am also very shy.
haha. i am old. i don't like to be out of my wheelchair.
i don't play any games. i prefer games.
that is cool. i drive my old granny around.
nice! i am quite a bit faster than you.
it goes very fast. i have a wheelchair that goes very fast.
do you have any strange experiences?
i cannot. i am a veteran. so i stay in the army.
that is very painful. i have a leg amputated and cannot stand it.
i had to amputate it. i used to use to be in the army.
oh no! i am sorry.
i did. it was heartbreaking. i am sorry.
that is a lot of people to care for.
i am. i am more of a military guy... but i am still pretty old.
i am good. just got home from my day off.
i am in oklahoma.
i like to make cheese and enjoy chatting with the boys.
i live in the city, but i am in oklahoma.
where are you from? i am from canada.
oh wow, that sounds nice.
it is. what do you do for fun?
that is wonderful! i am an attorney.
i am a programmer for a computer company.
i am an attorney, i am a lawyer
what kind of music do you like? i love country music.
i am a lawyer and my favorite is country music
i like country music but i don't know much about it.
hi, i am well. i just got done exercising for my pet dog.
i have a pet rabbit and a cat. you?
oh. i have two cats. i have a dog.
i am sorry. my kids are very close.
yes, we both plan to take my two cats for a walk.
that is nice. i am a single woman. so my sister is very close to me.
that is so cool. how many siblings do you have?
i love playing with my clothes. i also like shopping for clothes.
i like shopping at the mall.
what do you do for a living?
i am a writer. what do you do?
i am a nurse.
that is great. i am a nurse.
no, i just have to wait for my first full time job.
i am not partying. i am a cook.
good, just walked my dog. how are you?
i am well, just sleeping. just got back from my morning run. you?
oh, i have a siamese cat, so i have to keep busy.
oh. where are you from?
5 days. you?
in a few hours. you?
i am in cali
is that where you live?
southern texas is very nice
its rough here, i don't like rain.
i like hot weather
i have never been there.
its nice here. i walk a lot.
she is a grandmother. she is a mom of two
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am a drug dealer.
oh ok. what do you do for a living?
she plays music and sings music. i like that too.
i love rap, she is a doctor.
i love all genres of music.
that sounds good. i love sushi, its my fave food.
i like all kinds of meat and meat
i love sushi and i also have to eat a lot of chicken
you like something else?
yeah, i love sushi. it is my fave food.
i am a geodetic artist and i love to hike and camp
hiking is my favorite time of year, i have a good time
i am a high school student. what do you do for fun?
i like to sing and sing karok. i love it
i like to go to the park and take my volkswagen to the park.
i like dogs too! they are the best!
i do. i am a very active musician.
i am still in college. i am a color blind. i hope to graduate soon.
i have a volkswagen beetle, so i can drive it all day.
i am allergic to cars, i only drive my blue hatchback.
i am colorblind too. do you like colorblind things?
my dad is also color blind. i hope he can help me with this problem.
i will be a doctor. i want to be a doctor.
do you have any health problems?
that is true. i hope i get into it in the future.
do you like animals? i love them.
what kind of animals do you want to work with?
i grew up in alabama, how about you?
i am from wisconsin. i have two brothers. they are in band metallica.
i am in america, not the usa.
i am from wisconsin, but my brothers and i have grown up here. i grew up in
i am old enough to be a good person.
i am 40. how about you?
wow, you are a young woman.
that is very interesting. do you have any siblings?
how are you twins?
it is a bit confusing.
i bet they are pretty tall.
yes, i am a professional in my spare time.
i work as a stylist for a local dog shelter.
do you like it?
business administration. you?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good just about to go to work. you?
cool. i am trying to find a new computer.
i love sports
i like hunting and ice fishing
i have never hunted but i am sure you will soon
you should come back soon and i will teach you how to fish
i teach high school and i have been there for 2 years
what do you do for a living?
that is a great job. what do you like to do for fun?
i used to be an arctic explorer and it paid off!
that sounds very exciting! i love italian food, especially softball
yeah it is. i have not found anything yet.
well, that is a good thing. i am going to be studying for my masters in the field
i am a fisherman. i hunt for long lost arctic explorers
no. i just started a new job working in advertising.
pretty good. just got back from frisbee. you?
nice, i love the park!
cool. i don't eat sardines, but i love eating sardines.
eggplant and pita. my favorite is shrimp, but i prefer chicken.
that is cool, i am hungry to get out of here.
that is funny, i am worried about my family
i am not sure what i want to do next, but i do play in frisbee
i have played it before, but i am more into country music
yeah i played last year, it was awesome
oh no, no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes i have been surgery
cool. what kind of surgery?
what happened to your feet? i have a sardine needle in my nose
that is pretty cool. i have seen a few kids with tonsils.
hi. i have a dog.
i love to walk long distances.
i love to walk, sports are cool, i just want to be a fashion designer.
i like to travel, mostly for fun
i do, i am a travel agent. i live in texas
that is terrible, i want to go to europe, i like it
she is my best friend. my best friend and i are best friends.
that is so sad. how long have you been apart
i always wanted to be a fashion designer but i stopped.
well, i think i will try that
i don't have any friends
i wish i had a dog but i would not be lonely.
i have a best friend who took my best friend in high school
i like to eat italian food
i am actually in culinary school now.
i am good. i am well, how about yourself?
its going good, and you?
i do, i am a freelance artist. what are your hobbies?
that is awesome! what is your major?
that is great. i am an artist, so i have a place to go
i like the mountains and the mountains
i live in a city that is really pretty.
i like to think of the city as the city of the stars
i like the city too. i am a journalist.
i am city dweller, so that is something i have to do with the city.
yeah i think people are a little more like me.
i am not comfortable with much of a city. i love the outdoors
i know, i like poetry
yes it is. i like nature and it keeps me from being crowded
i agree with you that is what it is
i am doing good. just got back from a fishing trip.
what do you do for a living?
what do you do for a living?
what do you do for work?
i am a geologist so it is very hard
do you like to have fun?
i like to hunt and fish
i like to watch news on tv
i like to watch the news
do you like to read? i like to watch tv
i am a geologist
i love watching the news on tv. i listen to politics
i like to watch the news on my arctic explorer
do you have any political aspirations?
no but i know how to ice fish
i am doing okay. just got back from a great day.
i am retired from banking. i need to be more active.
i am not a banker, but i like playing board games.
i am retired. i need to get a monopoly on board games.
i guess that is true. do you have any hobbies?
i dislike people i dislike
i am not sure if i can remember. do you have a brother?
that is great! i am sorry to hear that.
i love cats. i have a pet cat named arizona.
i have a pet cat named california. i love to sew.
my brother, arizona, is a broker for a major firm.
yes i am. i am retired, so i don't have time for investment advice.
i should get a divorce, i am not able to afford it.
i am doing great. i am hanging out with friends.
i have never played video games. i like to play video games.
i love to be with my dogs. do you have any pets?
i have a dog and a cat named jordan. he is a purebred cat.
how long have you been together?
my parents are in florida, they love to read. you?
i love summer, it is my favorite. i also love summer.
my parents are retired, they live in california
i am a frisbee player. i play ultimate frisbee.
oh nice, what do you like to do for fun?
i am 45. i love meeting new people!
oh wow that is cool, i am only 21.
what do you do for a living?
i am doing good, just got done running a bit.
i am hungry
a banana! my favorite!
what is your favorite book?
i do, i like to read. what about you?
no, i don't read much, i prefer paranormal romances.
i have not read a lot of those.
no they are not scary
i don't think ghosts scare me. i don't know if they have ever been seen
i do but i am just not sure
i don't believe i have one
why would you hide it
i am pretty sure they do
i am a little bit of a freak
wow. i am the only child of six siblings
great, how are you doing?
just drinking some iced tea. i love iced tea.
i am tired of living in a home, i have two kids that are in their kindergarten.
that is cool. i am studying computer design to be a teacher.
they are. i just started kindergarten in miami.
they have maple syrup. do you like maple syrup?
i went to college at the university of mississippi. i am 34.
i love it. i have never been to mississippi
i am. i like iced tea. i am 34.
i am a young adult and drink too much of it.
i am a stay at home mom.
i drink iced tea. i don't like it.
it is annoying. i don't like you either.
i am not too obnoxious. i am a young adult.
i am too old to work anymore. i just want to be a real estate agent.
i am from california. how are you?
that is amazing! i am single and have never been married.
i am just a freshman and i am in the military. you?
i am 32. i live in new york.
nice! what is your favorite sport?
i love basketball and football
soccer. i am not very good at it. i watch it on tv.
i love watching tv when i am not cooking.
i like mls. what is your favorite cup?
i am. i have a girl named lucy.
i love to eat food. i am a college graduate.
i love spicy food. i am a huge fan of spicy foods.
do you like to shop?
i like all kinds of food. i have a big craving for a pizza.
i love veggies, but i don't like meat.
i live in a small apartment in a rural area.
where are you from?
nice! i just finished a run. i am a runner.
i love running and my wife is a nurse.
i am from pennsylvania. i dropped out of school
i was a runner for 9 years, i was very competitive
no i am a horse rider and i would rather be on the bike than run
wow, that is a lot of horses.
i don't have time to go to school. i dropped out of high school
oh, i don't blame you. i don't have time for hobbies.
i do. i love chicken!
yeah i like that one. i like blue too.
it is great, what do you do for work?
i don't know what to say. i love blue!
yes, it is the sauce right?
hi i am good just got home from running a blog about rabbit rescues
i listen to him, he is great.
i am glad to hear that. i am trying to get my blog started. i write about rabbits
sounds like fun. i love animals. do you have any pets?
they are. i have a lot of them.
i think you will find someone who likes teddy!
i am a hero, too.
no i don't. i just go on hikes.
that is cool. i was in school but i was also color blind.
that is cool. i like to build things with my hands.
that is nice. what do you do for a living?
do you have kids? i am still single.
you are welcome. i am a choir singer.
i play the guitar and guitar.
i love surfing. i love the beaches.
yes, i am trying to get my degree in history.
no i am not a nurse..... but i am thinking about nursing.
i can understand that. i like simple things
i bet they need a lot of help. i am looking for a job
i am going to take my stray cat to a shelter. i want to adopt one soon
that is very nice. i don't think i would want a cat but i love animals
he is, he is so hungry, i don't eat much food
i don't like mcdonalds, i don't know what to do.
that is a good idea, what do you do for work?
i work at mcdonalds and i love it!
oh, well that is not good. i work in a health department
i work at mcdonalds.
i love animals, i adopted a stray cat
what do you do for work?
i think there is more to life than just the home.
i am doing okay, just getting ready for my second child.
that is so sweet. i am a vegan, and i love it!
no vegan, but i drive a honda civic. do you like hiking?
no, i am a baker. i bake for a living.
i like to hike and take walks in the woods.
i have a disability as well. i cannot work. i am disabled.
i am a single mom and i love being a homebody.
i am in chicago. i like to knit hats for the kids.
oh that is a very good job. i am single mom.
it is a lot of fun to live here. do you like to cook?
awesome! i am sorry to hear that. do you have any kids?
yeah i do. i can read anything i want
that is true! i am sure that is what you meant!
you are very caring too! i am hungry for some meat
i don't eat meat. i am allergic to meat.
i am great how are you?
i have 3 children. they are my life.
i am in a relationship with my little sister, i am also color blind.
they are 5 and 10. what do you like to cook?
i am also a good cook, but i need to keep my diet low
you should try it. i have 3 now
i am a professional body builder so i try to be as healthy as possible
i am happy with my cats
no i am a competitive body builder so i am not.
i have two cats. are they your brothers or sisters?
i don't have one. i live with my little sister.
i work at a factory. what do you do?
oh. i am sorry. i don't know if i could eat.
i just got off work at the store
oh that is interesting. i am a body builder.
good! just finished reading a book about traveling.
that sounds interesting. i just got back from work.
it was great. just finished eating lunch.
it is relaxing. i am a runner and i love running.
oh, i love italian food. do you have any pets?
i am a freelance writer.
cool. i love the subject of travel.
i like animals, but i have never been a big animal fan.
no. i am a dog person. i am a petite
i have a dog and a cat. they are very friendly
i wish i had a pet. i don't want to travel much.
i have a dream job, i am a runner.
i am a college student. i want to travel to europe.
i would like to be a runner, but i don't like animals. i don't like fast
i would love to run a marathon too. i would love to eat italian food.
great, how are you? i live in new york.
i live in california. i am a nurse assistant. you?
no, i am single. but i want to be an actress.
i am a nurse. i love to travel too
i also like to travel. what do you do?
i am a volunteer at a local hospital. i love to bike. what about you?
nice. what do you like to do?
that is awesome. you should try it
yes i have a brother and a sister, but i don't have any siblings.
no i don't have siblings
i don't have any siblings. i live with my parents.
i bet you have many loved ones
i sing, but it is hard to sing with all the kids.
what kind of music do you like
i see. i also like to sing.
i am good. just listening to a concert
i am a fan of heart in concert, my cats are my favorite.
i am sorry. i am sorry to hear that. i am allergic.
that is not funny, my dad hates it.
i am sorry. i have been so busy watching my three daughters play heart.
i love onions. i hate them.
lol, that is so funny. i am sorry.
i love onions i love them
do you have any cats? i have 3.
yes he is my favorite. i hate my dad but i feel like i am being watched.
i work in a hospital now, i am divorced.
so, you are not angry?
do you have kids? i am divorced and my parents are both teachers.
my dad is a nurse. he is my boss.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
hello, i have a best friend who is a fashion designer.
i work in an office as a secretary. you?
that is cool! i want to be a fashion designer!
no, i am a stay at home mom.
i am single, so i am still young. i want to be a fashion designer someday!
i am not married, but i do work as a secretary.
thanks! lucy is my best friend!
how did she steal you?
lol what do you like to do?
i love sweets, especially candy.
no i don't eat much candy.
that is cool. i like to play with my siblings.
i don't know what to say, i have a few dozen, lol
that is right, i don't know what they are.
me too! i want to make a lot of pink ones too.
i am doing great, just got back from a long day at school.
that is a lot of family. i am so far alone.
nice! i am going to be in college next year.
my teacher job. he taught us at a local firehouse. how about you?
i wish i could teach. i am 5 feet tall and my parents don't let me.
i love music too.
i have never heard of them.
that is cool. i am a firefighter too
that is pretty cool. my brothers and sisters are my family.
i came from a little town. but we went to the heart band
that is great. you don't have many siblings.
it was late but still very rewarding
i am sorry. i don't have kids.
hello! i am doing well. tell me a little about yourself!
i am lonely because i am always in the gym.
i don't have many friends, my wife and 3 kids are the only friends
that is cool. i am a huge ed sheeran fan
i am a carpenter, and i don't have many friends
i am a college student, hopefully to teach soon
i am a carpenter so i have a degree in carpentry
no worries. i don't have a lot of stress. i am still learning it
that sounds like a fun thing to do
i will bet. i love to play poker.
yeah it is, and i love pizza
i love it. i am more of a poker player
i bet, that would be fun
what do you watch?
i play video games a lot.
i am doing very well, how about you?
i am doing well. i am in the healthcare field.
that is awesome. i am doing pretty well.
i am. do you have any pets? i have a dog named pedro.
i have a pecker. i would love to learn how to draw one.
awesome! i have a dog, a poodle named roger.
it is a little bit like a dog. i have a dog named kelly.
he is. he is actually quite a bit taller than me.
that is nice. do you ever go hiking?
sure. that would be so fun. i also have a pet dog.
i like to read. do you?
i love comedies. they are very good. i love comedies with lots of humor.
i am a poet, do you like poetry?
i do, i love the film genre. do you?
i like movies that have lots of drama.
i am doing well how are you
i am great how are you
what are you doing? i am an accountant.
i am an actress. i am working on my acting career
i am a professional accountant.
i don't really have a favorite. i like acting more than anything
i don't know yet, but i am in accounting
i would not be able to have kids.
they are 2 and 3. my youngest is 3. how old are you?
oh wow. are they all cute?
they are only 10.
it is. i don't have any kids. i just like to sing.
yes i do, i hike and go hiking
great, just got back from the ice hunt. you?
cool, i am in ps4 right now
i am an arctic explorer and i am trying to find the most interesting stories.
cool. i am still in college, i am going to college.
that is good. i am trying to find long lost arctic explorers and return them home
i have a pet cat named arizona.
i love to fish, i am hunting polar bears
i just got married.
very cool. i have never hunted fish but i love fishing
i don't fish. i like to fish and take the bait.
cool! what else do you like to say?
you are welcome.
what else do you like to do?
i like to read biographies and play board games
i like to ice fish
i am good. just finishing my novel about romance. you?
i am a stylist at a hair salon.
yeah it is a hairdresser, i also write about people and animals
oh nice. what do you do for work?
i see. i am a writer, but i find it hard to work out people are the same
i love dogs. i love them as well.
i love tacos and tacos. i am into all kinds of food
oh that sounds good i like tacos
christmas is the one that is the most religious.
i agree with you. i like to be polite and humble
i have been to the trees a lot
i enjoy the trees and see the sun go up
that is cool. what do you like to do for fun?
i am sure it is. it is going to be an awesome year
i love the fall too, but never saw the fire
hi there. i am from california. i am in new york city.
i am a teacher in ny, so i am a teacher too.
my mom is from california. i am a fashion model
that is a lot of luck.
thanks! i love surfing and skateboarding. i love it
i love surfing, but i would rather be in the ocean and swimming.
i am in california but i don't sing very well
haha. i prefer to ride my convertible mustang and swim.
i like to bike and skate a lot
do you like to wear clothes?
not really. i surf and skate in california
oh no! i am sure you will get tired of me
i am not very good at that
i am good, i just finished running. you?
i am good. just finished writing a fantasy novel
i like tacos. i am a runner. i love taco bell.
yes i am a fortune teller. i am also a big fantasy fan.
oh cool. i like tarot cards.
i am in hawaii, i am in florida.
what is your favorite question?
i don't know. i just don't know.
well, that would be interesting. i am a reader and writer.
i know exactly what you mean. i would love to write a fantasy novel.
do you read any good books?
i bet! that is good.
no, i am sorry. what do you do for work?
i was not. i was too busy listening to them.
you sound like a dreamer. i am very much into running.
it has been great. how about you?
its been okay, i have been scared of the world.
wow that is a shame, do you have a birthday?
i am not shy, i love to build model spaceships.
i am a champion at tae kwan do and i do rollercoasters
that is awesome, i build model spaceships for the martial arts.
i teach tae kwan do you
i am a model space ship builder and i love it.
i have never been away from the state
no, i am in cali. i get sun too, i use to go to school.
yes i love the beach i have never been
yes i do. do you like to go to concerts?
that is where i am from
hi, i am fine. just got back from school.
oh, i see. i am doing a workout too.
nice! i do gym work too! i do model spaceships
i am in my spare time swimming. you?
i like to build model spaceships. i play a lot of fantasy videogames
i have 5 laps
that is a lot of work! i go to the launch pad with my friends.
that sounds like fun
yeah it is very rewarding, i have been working since i was a kid.
what are you betting?
yeah, it is. i like to build model spaceships and play fantasy videogames.
what do you like to do?
i like to build models of space ships.
i do! i like to swim every day.
you are a weirdo? i don't know.
i am good. just playing some video games.
i am just watching some of my favorite movies
i play computer games a lot
that is cool what do you study in college
i am not in a job yet. but i can build models
that is a lot of people. i like to laugh and make fun of my height
well you can be friends with them lol
it was not answering my question
it is a shame.
i am not sure what that is.
i am sorry to hear that
i love muffins. i am so tall i have to eat them
i like muffins. how about you?
i love pasta
well that is awesome i love it
i am great. just got back from a pet walk.
that is nice. i am an environmentalist. i was a student.
i am a health worker. i have a job as a pharmacist.
i am an environmentalist. i have been there, but college is cool.
i went to the theater. i love to see films.
nice. i am an environmentalist, so i have to live with my two children.
i am a fifth grader. do you have a favorite food? mine is muffins.
i am sorry to hear that. i am an environmentalist.
that is cool. i have a dog. he is a terrier named pedro.
i am sorry. i have to go now. i am still in college.
it is. i like movies and have seen a few.
i have been working for my parents for years. i hope to be able to work as an environmental
i think so.
it would be nice to think of it.
its good. it helps me get through my first child.
i am great, just finished reading a mystery. you?
i like to dress like a furry
that is awesome. i am a bookworm. i have seven kids.
i am a woman and i love it
i am a truck driver, so i love to drive my truck around
that sounds like a lot of fun. what do you do for fun?
i have five children and that is a big family
wow that is a lot of children.
they are. i don't know why i don't like them
it is pretty awesome. i am sure you are a handful too
i have 7 kids so i guess that is not a big deal
that is so cool. i am a truck driver
we used to be on a farm. i grew up on it
that is awesome! do you have pets?
we have a large truck. i love it.
i am well, thank you. what do you do for fun?
i am good just listening to some pink floyd
i like all kinds of music.
i love pink floyd. she is my favorite.
i like pink floyd but i prefer pink dresses
i am sure there are too. i am also from new jersey.
what do you do for a living?
yes i am in middle school. i am in middle school.
yes. i am working on my dream of being a fashion designer.
i am a pretty tall trans boy, so i am more of a teen girl
well, that is not so bad. i just want to be in drama school.
yes. i am in it, but i am not good at it.
i am in drama theater. i am in high school.
i am great. just listening to my seven kids.
just finished working on a crochet project. you?
what do you do for fun? i like to read and explore the universe.
i am sorry. i am glad i did not have to do that today
yes! i am a farmer so i have a lot of free time.
we have a big family here in america. i also have a family in a farm.
how old are your children? i love milk!
no, i don't. i do enjoy coffee.
that is awesome. i grew up on a farm in wisconsin with my parents.
how old are you? i am 21. do you have a job?
that is nice. that is cool.
i read a lot of books.
i love mystery. i love reading mysteries.
i am a bit of a reader myself.
what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
yes. i had a loving father as well.
what do you do for work?
i am an artist, but i don't like it
i don't have any other artistic interests.
oh okay. i am an artist. i am a professional clean artist
i have never been to the circus. i am looking for something different
oh okay. i have thought about that.
my uncle and aunt did not want me to be as famous.
i think they are not that optimistic
no, not really. i am more of a power hungry person.
i am sorry. my job at the lab is just so frustrating.
it is. i am sorry. my parents did not want me to get into that fight.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am doing a little. what do you do?
i like hiking and i love the outdoors
i like to read romance novels
i like to eat food, especially tacos
that is nice i am introverted i write romance novels
me either, i just love to try anything i can
i write romance novels
i am reading a lot of poetry
that sounds good! i try to be a bit more introverted
i read a lot of weird poems, so i would be out of luck.
lol that is funny. i wrote a romance novel for the same reason
i am a chef, i am not a cook
i like different day though
i am a leader of the pack
yeah that is what i said. i am an introvert so i get lazy
i have a problem, i can not stand it.
i like to plant flowers and they are beautiful.
i am a gardener myself. i love gardening.
wow. i can tell you i am an ohio state budger!
i will be sure to come back with a class on water pollution.
that is cool. i hope you find someone to help you.
it does. i could travel to six different countries.
that is great! i have to stay in water for that.
i wish i could. i live in a small city.
that is really cool! i live in ohio
i have not. it is so different.
i have not but i love the state
i am sorry to hear that. i am in a state of denial!
i have never been to ohio, but i am afraid of water.
i teach biology, i am not stupid. you should be.
i love to go on the beach and go for a swim.
i like fashion. i love to be on the beach and design stuff.
i have a car dealership, but i am in a diet now.
i am not sure. i would like to have a relationship with my best friend.
i am on my diet now.
no i don't sing but i would like to be a singer
i love the beach. i love it too.
no. my best friend took me in high school.
no. i married my best friend. i don't even own my parents anymore.
i just stole a car. i am a fashion designer.
i like to eat and stay active. my diet is killing me.
no, i am in jail. do you have a pen?
what color is your nails?
mine are pink. how about you?
oh really? that is too bad. i am on a diet now.
i am doing good. just got home from cooking.
what kind of music do you like?
i just got done playing my cd
i live in a big city and i like to paint with my horses.
i also bake cookies every day
that sounds yummy! i have a bunch of kids
i have 4 i am not big on kids
what is your family like?
no i don't work much
nice i am a painter i paint cars
that is cool, i love to paint and cook
yes i do. i love the idea of a house full of ponies!
do you have a lot of free time?
its a plan.
i like to read and cook
no i don't. i like lunch.
oh, i am lonely.
i like learning more about the world
you should reject my offer
you should train me to be better
i am just drinking water.
i like classical music. i like bach
i don't like classical, but i do like it when i am alone
do you like to go to concerts?
i have to go to the gym everyday, you?
what else do you like to do?
i don't like bugs
i have never seen a bug i think i will see you
i am good, how about yourself?
i am doing good watching tv
i love to watch the sunset
oh nice! that sounds fun i love it
yes its so beautiful. i love to cross stitch and quilt
i love to go fishing and sail
anything i can get my hands on, all the crafts are so much fun
that sounds relaxing, i don't have much time for them
no i don't
i am a writer and i love to read
i am a writer i wrote books
no i don't. what else do you do?
do you have any children?
i am a kindergarten teacher and i teach fitness
i am on the bike right now, so i am not very active
i drive a convertible mustang, i drive it around
i like to jog to the office. what is your favorite food?
i jog to the beach, i love the beach
i don't think i am saying anything else.
do you like to swim?
i watch tv a lot, its a good show.
that is a good one. i love the humor
do you like hot tubs?
cool, maybe you could have a bath in the shower and watch dwight
i am from the us, and i was born in new york
i am 32. i live in the usa, it is beautiful
cool, i am not sure i understand
haha, i am 32, so i am pretty big
i am doing good. how are you?
i am doing well, thanks. i am a lead singer in a popular band.
what instrument do you play?
i am actually a lead singer. i play a lot of songs.
nice. do you work? i am an accountant.
i am not really into suits.
i don't really wear suits. but i enjoy hiking.
that is good. i love hiking.
yeah, it is. i also enjoy going out on hikes.
i like to party when i am not playing gigs. i like to party too.
i am single, i am single too. i don't have kids.
that is good to have a family.
that is a lot of sisters. they are very old.
they are 5 and 4. how about you?
they are adorable. but they are so cute.
i am good. watching the movie titanic 10 times.
i am sorry to hear that. i am very conservative
it was really great, but i have a hobby. i love model cars.
i am a hunter. i like to hunt
that is awesome. tell me more about you
i go hunting. my family lives in town.
i am a first time father, i am a model car guy
do you teach at church?
yes, and i am ginger.
that is awesome, what kind of songs are you into?
yes they are i have one named ginger
yes they are, cats are my favorite
i have a golden retriever named ginger who is very sweet
her name is bob
that is nice do you like cold weather
i am doing good. i am from south carolina. where are you from?
i am just south of here in carolina.
i am in ohio and i am leaving soon
where did you move to?
i grew up in south carolina. i love horror films.
i am an arctic explorer.
i studied literature. did you finish high school?
that is great. i love the zoo
that sounds like a crime scene.
no. i also eat a lot of meat
i am not sure what you mean. i don't know why.
i am in the arctic. do you like ice fishing?
i love hot air. i have been to usa a few times.
i really enjoy the ice!
i like to drink tea and listen to music
i am good! how are you?
i am good, just hanging out with my dog. he is a cat lady
oh i am so sorry. i clean up my teddy bears.
what do you do?
okay, i am a nurse so i have plenty of room for cats
wow that is a lot of cats
i have a large collection of cats
i have a kitten. how old are you?
that is a lot! i am a nurse.
yeah, i have three cats, maddy and miley.
that is nice. what do you like to learn?
i love cats! what do you do for fun?
they are named after my cats name.
oh wow that is cute. what is your cats name?
it is a computer. do you like computers?
i am good, just finished eating sushi. how are you?
i am great. i am a vet. i am in florida.
that is awesome. do you like music?
i don't have a favorite. i am a bit of a mystery.
my brother and i are identical twins.
my mom passed too. i am sorry to hear. i am an adopted from california.
oh okay. my dad has a big family so he gets to do what he wants.
i play music in a band. i am a musician
that is cool. i am in school. i am also a full time student.
florida. i live in california. where do you live?
wow! i live in florida. my dad is from there.
what do you want to be?
it is so beautiful. i love the weather here.
yes i see it is beautiful
i don't know if it is florida, but i love the countryside
its going good. how about you?
pretty good. i am in college and just got my law degree
cool, i am on my way to school for a dance class.
i am a student, so its hard to get to the top of the pay scales.
i have a sweet tooth, and i love to dance
awesome, i like dancing too. do you dance?
i like to run my dogs and they love it.
that sounds nice. what do you do for fun?
yeah. i have a big sweet tooth and i would love to go out more often
i am going to go to bed with my 2 girls.
i am studying for my masters in business management.
oh that sounds exhausting, what do you do?
i have a sweet tooth, and i want to go dance
probably studying again, what about you?
do you know anything about selkies?
i am good! i just finished my first full time job as a nurse.
that is cool. i have a pet cat named arizona.
no pets, i don't have any. what do you do for a living?
oh. i have a cat named arizona
cool. i am a nurse, i have a full time job.
that is cool. i am still in college. i wish i could work in the family business.
i am close with my sister, she is my best friend.
yes i have one brother. i am excited to be married.
what a lovely name! my sister is a nurse.
wow, you sound very distant
i see. where do you live?
yes they are. do you like biographies?
i bet that is very interesting.
i am more of a rush person
i love to sleep in. i just finished my nursing school
i am well, how about yourself?
i am a nurse. what do you do?
that is a good job. i hope the weather gets better.
yes, i adopted a cat recently. i am hoping to adopt a dog soon
that is awesome. i am sorry to hear that. i am a cat person.
i do, i love my cat!
i love the color red, it is my favorite color. do you like music?
i love folk music i love singing
i like metallica music, what about you?
that is cool, what else do you like to say?
i like metallica, they are my favorite. what is your favorite band?
i love rock too. how old are you?
no, i did not ask.
i have been listening to a lot of folk music since i was little
wow, that is amazing. i love metallica. what is your favorite band?
i am great how are you
i am doing well. how about you?
i am getting ready to go to work with my two dogs. you?
i have a turtle named timothy
i have a german sheffer that i have named german sheffer
i have a dog named timothy
wow, i am sorry to hear that. i am a lawyer. i am in oklahoma
i work at a ranch. what about you?
that is a great job. i am a lawyer.
it is a funeral home. i don't have a job yet.
that is a lot of people. i am not a good person.
yeah i have always wanted to play ultimate frisbee
yes, i love animals and have 2 dogs
i like frisbees! they are my favorite
that is cool, i am not a great athlete
i am doing good, and yourself?
i am doing great. just got back from a cleaning out of my cage.
what kind of music do you like?
yes. i have been listening to a lot of it.
i am an administrative assistant. i enjoy it.
maybe next year. maybe in the next few months. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that.
it is not going to be easy, i am going to clean out my cages.
i like to try new things, especially new food
i like bbq. do you?
i am going to retire in 5 years
that is cool, i have two kids.
how many kids do you have?
great! just got home from shopping for clothes.
what kind of shopping?
i just got my first full time job as a nurse, so i love shopping.
i am getting a leash. do you have any pets?
that is cool. i don't have a dog, but i am very close with my sister.
that is nice. do you have any pets?
i am 23, i am a registered nurse.
i am 22. do you have any hobbies?
i am a nurse, i am very close with my sister.
wow! i was a teacher when i was young.
that is awesome. i am currently a nurse.
that is a lot of work. my parents were both teachers, so i am a nurse.
i am a registered nurse.
great! just got back from a barbeque!
what kind of barbeque? i love pizza.
i love oldies food. i had one from the store yesterday.
i enjoy playing with my dog, he loves to play with my dog, pedro.
yes, my salary is amazing. i am an administrative assistant.
i am five feet tall, so i don't have time for walking.
do you like music? i love oldies music.
i like to film movies. i am into film.
i love the movies, especially racquetball. i like the music.
he is a great movie. but i am not very good at it.
i am. my birth year was in the 90s.
oh. i have a lot of hobbies too. do you have any hobbies?
i like to try new things. i am an otter.
i am doing well. how are you?
pretty good. i am scared of snakes and snakes
i have 3 dogs and they are all friendly. i have a cat named kane.
aww, i have never seen a snake.
oh no! they are very dangerous! i am glad i am not working.
i am a construction worker. i do engineering in my spare time
cool! what do you do for fun?
that is good. what do you do for a living?
i don't think so. i am a pain in the butt.
do you think it would be a little too conservative for you?
nice! i watch football on sundays. do you like to watch movies?
i am in college so i am not much of a football fan.
i love cheese pizza and christmas.
i live in the us, so i am not able to travel much.
that is a great show.
good, i am just on leave from my job at the hospital.
i am an army vet, i am scared of the environment.
its okay i work in a nursing home
what is your school like?
wow that is awesome. what do you do for a living?
i make clothes and sell them
cool... i like to make people laugh
i also make my own clothes
no pets, i have asthma and allergies
i have a stray cat and i don't like it
awe, you must be very busy. i am worried about your safety.
my mother was a nurse, but she was always interested in animals.
do you have any hobbies?
i like fashion and make clothes. what about you?
oh, i love to read
i am from cali, but i grew up on a horse ranch
i am in texas, and i am looking forward to retiring in five years.
that is so cool! i love horses, i work out every day
yes! that is why i am looking forward to retiring in five years.
do you like music? i love john denver.
i like to be around people. i don't like to be around them.
i work out at a ranch, i was raised on a horse.
i like to play tennis with my friends.
i am a huge horse lover. i work out every day. you?
that sounds like a fun job. what do you do for fun?
i am a doctor.
i am a legal assistant, i work as a admin.
wow, that is a long time.
i am doing well, how about you?
cool. i am moving to new york city next year. i love surfing and skateboarding
that is awesome. i am going to have my pediatrician appointment tomorrow.
i don't have time for clothes, i just go to school.
i am a model and i also have a son of my own
cool. i am in new york city, where i am currently
i am not very active at all
i have a radio station, i love it!
that is a great idea. i like jazz
i see. what part of nyc are you from?
i have a car i love and drive
nice. i have only been to california once.
i am also married, but my husband has a ring in the park
doing well. i have been to the park and seen a few quilts.
i like music a lot, especially country music.
i like all kinds. i am a music fan. i am also a musician.
oh nice. i like country music too. i live in canada
i am in california. i am retired.
that is cool. i love coding!
i don't know much about computers
i have a family of english speaking english speakers.
i am retired now, i am not sure how old i am
what is your favorite drink? i like iced tea.
i like iced tea. i like cold ones too.
i like iced tea, it is the best.
i do. i like ice cold.
i don't like iced tea
i am very popular and famous
i am great. just got off work at the salon. what are you doing?
i am good. just got home from church, where i sing in choir.
nice! i am at the salon and just got done with my hair.
that is awesome. i am in a program that trains teens.
that is great! what do you do for a living?
i am a student, i love italian food.
i love sports! especially football.
i like softball and its the best.
nice! i love cheesecake. i also love cheese pizza.
i like to eat my favorite food from the grocery store.
italian food is so good that it is easy to learn.
i like italian food, but i have never had it.
i have to go out to eat before christmas.
yes, i have! i love the spiders, but they don't like me.
i have a bunch of gifts for christmas.
i am good. just got done playing some poker.
that is cool. i am not sure i could be playing poker.
i have three kids so i don't have any kids.
i have three. they are gone. i am divorced
oh my. i have a lot of money to give back to our families.
i am sorry to hear that. how old are your kids?
i am glad you are not losing your job
you are a rude person.
oh, i guess i drink water
i don't blame you
i have to stay busy with my kids
what do you do?
thank you. what do you do for fun?
i like to hike. i also enjoy the outdoors.
i like to hike, i love it. i enjoy it as well.
that is great. i hope to be an actor when i grow up.
i sell graphic design. i am an omnivore.
that is cool, i want to be an actor and be cool
i sell candles, i enjoy them.
that is awesome, i have been thinking about becoming an actor
they are the rush team, what do you do for fun?
i like them all. do you have a favorite artist?
wow! do you like food?
that is cool. i am a dog person too!
no i don't have any pets
i have a cat, but i hate cats.
i love cats too. do you have any hobbies?
i am a girl. i have no kids.
not really, i am a very good listener.
yes it is a good one, i hope it goes well for you.
i am good. just got back from my plane trip.
that sounds fun. i hope you get to go hunting soon.
my friend and i went to london last year.
that is awesome. i love to hunt and shoot. i am a hunter
no. i work in a advertising firm.
that is cool. do you have family? i have three.
i am not, i was just in school
i just walk to the street to get to church every sunday.
they are very close. how long have you been married?
i am sorry to hear that
you should tell them all about it!
it is not good, i don't have a job
how d
i am a conservative and i know that
do you think that hollywood is a mess?
lol i have three guns and love beer
i am drinking beer. i love beer
lol. my family does not have beer. i am not a fan of them.
no, i don't
i have 3 cats
i have not had any allergies
do you work at a law firm?
so that is a good thing.
i bet it is. do you go hunting?
i am not sure, i have not seen anything interesting in london
i would love to see that place
yes i have seen it a few times, but i don't think it was that great
so what do you do for a living?
i think advertising is the best!
i would love to go to europe but it would be hard to find a place with lots of
what do you do for fun?
i would like to go to one of those.
good night, i hope you have a good night.
i am also not religious but i love nature.
i am not really into hunting. i prefer to take long trips.
i do, but my father is a fisherman. i live with my parents.
what was your favorite teacher?
that is what i am learning now. what do you teach?
maybe i will someday. i love the outdoors.
that is true. my profession is to help people and help them.
i have always wanted to teach geology. i am more interested in ice fishing than anything.
i fear heights. i don't know how to handle them.
i hunt for bears. i hunt for them.
that is awesome. i am a christian so i don't have any fear of heights.
i am sure you do. i use to teach geology.
i go fishing every year. i am a big fish!
its going well. i am doing well.
its going well, what do you do for work?
oh i am sorry i am stressed it takes up all my time
no i am a baby so i have to get to sleep
i play jiu jitsu and enjoy it.
i like dogs and they are scary
she has a lot of teeth. i hope she is not a big ed sheeran fan.
i work in the warehouse
that is cool. i am in college now and hoping to be a teacher
i work as a barista at a warehouse
yes i am. i hope to be a teacher for a while.
i am going to be a teacher
i would like to be a teacher, i am learning jujitsu
i like making barbecue and watching horror movies
i am not a big fan of jujitsu.
i am good. i am a single woman. you?
i am allergic to dogs so i cannot eat them
do you have any kids?
i am 21, so i have a lot of friends and family.
i am single and i have a boyfriend
i am. i am in the army.
that sounds interesting! i love reading romance books and movies
i don't, i am color blind so i can not see much
i love movies, do you like romance?
i do, my mother was in the army and i like movies
that sounds like a cool career. i like to cook
what kind of food do you like to eat?
i listen to music and movies on my radio.
i like rock, but i don't like music much.
i love french food. it is so good.
i am fine. what is your name?
i am divorced. my parents died in the fire.
i like to build space ships. my mom is a doctor.
very cool. i have never played video games before.
oh no! my mother is a doctor. she is a nurse.
that is good. my dad used to be a firefighter. he left us with my three girls.
that is awesome! i design model spaceships.
i like computers. what kind of computer do you build?
my mom is a doctor so i have an engineering degree.
i will use my computer skills to help you build spaceships.
i have a computer science degree. maybe they can help me.
i am a lonely soul. i have three girls and they all love heart.
that is what i try to keep in mind.
they are awesome. i make them to eat.
that sounds fun! what do you do for fun?
i am a bodybuilder, what about you?
i am a cook, love to cook!
that is great! do you have a brother?
what do you do for a living?
i work in a youtube channel.
i am a teacher. you?
what is your favorite animal?
i love to eat meat! do you like meat?
what do you do for a living?
cool. do you like to go to the party?
i like roller coasters, but i don't like them.
yes, i like them too. i don't like the time though. i teach on weekends.
i have a sports car. i love a big bike.
no, i have never heard of them.
wow, that is quite the accomplishment! do you have a car?
i am doing well. just relaxing, watching the lord of the rings. you?
i am doing great. just got off work. i just want to be a fashion designer.
cool. i am a part time worker. i like to watch the lord of the rings
yes, i do. i don't like wearing clothes.
that is cool. i would like to make my own costumes for the lord of the rings.
i like to wear makeup, but i don't have the time.
i am sure you can make a costume too.
you should try that. i think it would make things a little more interesting.
no i have not but i like the lord of the rings
do you work at all?
it is, but i am not big into fantasy, so i will try.
that is great. i would love to write a book about it.
i would love to write a fantasy book, but not right now.
i am from the us.
i am from germany. do you have any siblings?
i am from the usa. i am in the warehouse.
that sounds really sweet. i am not very good at it. i like sweet foods.
i don't like sweet food either.
i just go to the office when i am not driving.
no, i don't go out at night
what do you do for a living?
yes i lift weights and grill
cool, i don't have time for that. i don't drive, so i don't get
do you guys know each other?
i don't like coffee. i drink tea and listen to jazz music
i am a scientist and you?
i am good. just got off work, i lift weights every weekend.
i am doing great, just relaxing with my 3 kids.
that is cool. do you have a lot of friends
three, i have 3 girls
no, i have two boys. how about you?
wow. that is a lot of kids
you have a girlfriend? i would be happy for her
oh wow. my kids don't get to see angelic monsters.
that is pretty impressive. i lift weights.
that is awful. do you have any patients?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure i can grill at least once a week.
i do, but i don't like barbecue at all.
i like horror movies too. i am big and tall
i love the horror movies, so i am a fan.
i hope you are doing well. i love watching them
i am doing well, just got done with my long day at work.
i am well. how are you?
oh wow. i am hungry too! i just dropped out of school.
i am a nurse. so i get to be a lot of hours.
i am good, i dropped out of high school. i just finished runner.
that is great. i would love to see your dad again. i hate him.
yes, but i work in fast food. that is my job.
i like to go to the market. i love onions.
i am pretty superficial. i live in a small apartment and eat low income foods.
that is awesome! i am very athletic.
i don't. i don't have any pets, but i am a runner.
i don't, i am in the nursing field, so i don't get along with my dad
i am just a regular person, i run a lot. what about you?
i don't. i don't have a lot of time to do anything else. do you have
oh, i see. i don't have cats either. i am a nurse.
hello, i am gary. i am jimmy. i am 16.
i am julie. i live in florida, so i am in tae k
i live in ny. i love the city, but i hate cats
i live in dallas and i love rollercoasters
i hate cats i hate them too
i am not sure. anxiety is good but i don't get out much.
i don't help my anxiety but i don't know how to help
it is a meditative skill, i am really good at it
i would love to be an actor. i want to be an actress but i hate cats.
i have never been away from the state i live in.
i have a dog named paul. he is a good dog.
nice! i have a dog too. he is a blue collar type.
it is crazy, but i am sure he is pretty cool
i like dogs, but i have never been away from the state i live in.
i have a best friend
i am well. just got back from a long distance walk. you?
i am good listening to jazz music. you?
nice. what kind of music do you like?
i listen to jazz music
i like to walk long distances, i have a big dog
i don't have a lot of time for walks.
i want to travel to europe. i have a pet dog.
i don't, but i do watch tv sometimes
i like to read books about travel.
yes i do. do you read much?
i like to read about travel books.
i do sometimes. i like the outdoors. i read a lot of jazz
what else do you like to read?
i am a teacher. i am an assistant.
i am a teacher, i am very conservative, so i am really into family
my kids love it. i also work as a teacher.
i drive a ford pickup truck. my family is in town.
that is awesome. i like to read.
that is cool. i am a conservative.
what do you do for a living?
i like to read. i like hunting.
wow, that is a lot of guns.
that is cool. what else do you enjoy?
i am a teacher. i am studying to become a doctor.
wow that is awesome. what is your favorite subject?
because i am a teacher, i love it! i am so glad my kids don't have guns
you must really enjoy church.
yes! my husband and i enjoy reading and teaching.
i am doing ok just got off work at mcdonalds
i have a cat named gwen
i guess my parents thought i was crazy.
oh no they are all gone now
i am thinking of going to college but i am scared
i love romance novels but i am not very good at it
that is great i am studying to be a doctor
i think it pays well
yeah i think so and i will go for it
writing i am going to write a romance novel
cool i am going to college i will write a book
it is a suspense thriller
i would love to watch that. i like watching movies.
i would love to but i don't have the money
i have to go grocery shopping for a living
i am a retired vet. i love paranormal romances.
i like to sit still and read.
i cannot stand math. i don't know how to make money.
i am 32 and have kids. i don't have any kids yet.
what do you do for a living?
nice. i am a carpenter, but i am not good at it.
what do you do for work?
i have a family of 4. i build things for them.
wow, that is cool. i am the only one who teaches.
i don't know. i am not very good.
i don't have a problem with pizza. i like pizza more.
i like chicken a lot.
that is really healthy. i have a stutter when i eat it.
oh, i don't really like chicken. i do like it though.
you like to eat pizza?
i am great. just getting done with my shift at work. i am just about to go to
i have been a homemaker since i was a kid
i understand, that is not good. i am a democrat, so i am a democrat.
yes i am, but i am not democrat either
i don't see my dog anymore. he is a mutt
i have two dogs. i don't have any.
that is awesome. i am a dog person.
aw! you are so sweet. i love you.
yes i do. do you have any kids?
you should. you can be a very big family.
i bet. i am sure you are happy. i am a mom, so i will keep doing
what is your favorite thing to tell them about you
my dog has to keep me company.
that is great, we live in new york.
yes i do, i take pictures of everything.
i am great. thank you. how about you?
i am good. just bored with school, and my best friend is a robot
oh, that is terrible. how is she?
i am homeschooled, and i have to be home to my best friend.
i like jazz. what about you?
i am homeschooled. i love jazz.
nice. i have a pet dog named pug.
do you like animals
yes. i am a pediatrician, so i don't have time for pets.
i am homeschooled, i teach robotics to my best friend.
what grade are you in?
i love reading too. i read for my kids.
what are you reading?
i am 90. i have a new car. my dad used to fix cars.
wow, that is impressive! i am so old, i am tired.
my dad has a horse and i love it!
i was in the military when i was younger. i was a horseman.
yes, i own a factory car. my dad is a mechanic.
what kind of car do you own?
i am too busy with work. i just got my nails done.
i have a wheelchair that is modded to go very fast.
i like to eat a lot of carbs. i just finished my nails.
i am old. i used to have a wheelchair.
that sounds nice! i would love to take my wheelchair to the beach.
yes, i love the beach!
i like the beach. it is a beautiful place to go.
that sounds very relaxing. i like music.
do you like the beach? i love it.
i like to garden, and i love to walk. you?
interesting. i am retired now, but i am still trying to get out of the banking system
i love to walk too.
i am always on my feet, i am in my 60s
i walk about 5 miles. i have a large garden
that is nice. i enjoy walks too.
i love cats, too!
that sounds interesting.
yes i have traveled a lot. i teach biology.
i would like to travel more.
no one ever leaves my small garden.
do you like to sleep?
do you travel much? i do.
how many countries do you have?
wow, that is a lot of work.
i am great, how are you?
i am doing good. how about you?
i am from california. how about you?
i am a professional singer. my mom is a teacher.
yes, but i am sorry. i am just a big sweet tooth.
yeah i love sweets. i just don't like sweets.
i love desserts, they are great for dancing.
i love to dance at the club.
cool! i am taking pictures of the club and posting them on instagram.
i am always posting pictures of my friends and i chat a lot.
i like mexican! you?
i like instagram, facebook too. i like all of those.
i like it. i live in chicago.
yes i think so.
that is awesome! what do you do for fun?
hi. i don't like music. i am a shy person.
i am not shy. i am single and have no family.
oh no. you sound like a very shy person.
that is okay. i am a firefighter, so it is hard for me to talk.
do you know any music?
i am not a fan of people. i like them.
i am a science major.
my mom was a teacher and she helped me get a good grade.
wow. that is so cool. my mom taught me too.
i love to make models of space.
what do you do for a living?
wow! that is great! i am also in college.
i went to college in florida. i used to be a model space ship pilot.
i was in the early part of the last decade but moved to new york a few years ago
i am not sure i would have gone to college in nyc.
no pizza. i am cooking a vegan meal.
i love pasta, but i don't eat it at work
what kind of pizza do you like?
i am a stay at home mom so i don't have much time for things
i am in school for my masters in culinary arts
i love that you have a good day
lol. i like music and country music. do you have kids?
i am so excited! my stutter is not helping
do you like gospel music? i have never heard of it.
i like to read paranormal romances
i like to read too! do you read too? i cannot work.
lol, i am not sure what you mean by that
i love cooking, but i cannot work because of my disability
that is cool. what do you like to do for fun?
yes. it is great. i enjoy being at the holiday
good. i am good. tell me about yourself.
i am okay. i have an allergy to mangoes and am allergic.
i am a nurse assistant in a nursing home.
cool, i am a dog groomer. i am obsessed with civil war antiques.
cool! i have two dogs and a cat, so i am a homebody.
do you have any hobbies?
i have two dogs and a cat. i have three grandchildren and a cat.
what do you do for a living?
do you ride your bike often?
i love the beach and the sunset.
that is cool do you surf often?
i love the outdoors but i am not very good at it.
i love the ocean, i love the ocean.
i love the beach.
i love to eat what i can.
great. i just got done watching the titanic ten times.
that is awesome i am listening to music
i was in school for modeling but have never seen it.
i am a little over 5 feet tall and i cannot stand to eat too much food.
i am in high school so i am a model car fan.
my dad is a high school senior.
i am sure he is very happy. i just want to go model cars soon.
that is awesome. i am a small family.
i have a dog too! we are going to see titanic 10 times.
haha..... i love animals too!
oh i see. i am trying to get her to listen to some music.
i have seen that once. its the best movie ever.
wow. that is a lot of movies. i went to school for english.
oh wow! that is so cool.
yes i think so. i have seen a lot of heat.
hello, that is good. i am a singer in a popular band.
i work in a business administration office.
i started when i was younger
what kind of music do you like?
no i am not a parent
yes i am. do you have any siblings?
that is really cool. i was driving a semi when my dad drove it
i am a singing instructor.
i am not a country singer, i am a country singer
i am a teacher. i have been in law school for a few years.
do you have any siblings? i have 3 sisters
i am 29. i am watching a movie.
no. i am in a band. what do you do for fun?
pretty good, just got off work, and you?
i am a student. i love dancing and i am a student too.
you should teach me a dance. i am a professional dancer.
i am a mixed race girl, and love dancing.
i am pretty active, but i enjoy exercising for a living
what kind of fitness do you like?
not really. i am busy with my business and my daily exercise.
i don't have a lot of time for sports. i drive a semi to and from work
no, i have not even thought about that. i am really broke.
i am sure. are you in the family?
i have two cats and a dog.
no. i live with my dog, ralph.
he is my dog, he is my friend.
he is a mutt. i am a girl with a dog.
are you a fan of people?
hi i am great! i am an aspiring musician!
yes i am. my dad was a police officer.
i am a musician. how about you?
well, i don't think i am a cop
that is cool. i like nirvana. they are my favorite band.
my dad was a cop. he wanted to run
it would be fun.
no, i have not. i have planned for the weekend
i have not, i have never been to disney.
i would love to go to ireland!
what do you do for work?
my dad was a police officer, so he could not afford to go to ireland.
yes, i will bet. do you have any pets?
no, they don't. i have been in there for about 3 years
i am a manager at a local music store
i am a bit of a scotch drinker.
that is a nice scotch. i am drinking some tea, not too much tea.
i like to do it for the same reason i do
that is not good for you. you should be a writer.
i work on stories for a living
i am a science fiction author and you?
i am scared of snakes. i am afraid of them.
i am a scientist, i like spiders and snakes.
oh i have never seen a spider before. do you like movies?
i like to play games and watch tv.
i like game of thrones, especially at the dog park.
tigers, we have ninja and cats. do you like gaming?
oh wow, you are very confident.
yes they do a lot of them.
what kind of cosplay do you do?
i am sorry. i am just recovering from surgery.
that is awesome. i am an artist. do you have tattoos?
that sounds interesting. i am not a big fan of cooking.
i love sardines. what do you do for breakfast?
i am a graphic designer so i need to get back on track.
that is unfortunate. i am a sales person and i need to work
i am in sales now. i am a french fry cook.
cool. maybe they will name my dog rush
they are named bruce and willis.
i guess i guess they are from the band rush
that is a great one.
i could. i love going to weddings and am sewing shirts for them
what do you do for work?
hi, i like to go camping and hike. what do you do?
what do you do in your spare time? i love nature.
yeah it is crazy, but it is fun
i love making my own clothes!
i don't. i listen to music while i hike
do you have a cat?
do you work at a zoo?
i love the outdoors! i was a girl when i was a girl.
wow, that is amazing! i am an avid vegan.
she does. i am worried about the environment
i am sure she does. i would like to go camping and hike.
i have a boat to do that
i am sorry to hear that. i love meat!
i am great. i am doing a run with my friends.
i am well, how are you?
wow! that is awesome. i am just excited to be learning the jujitsu
yes, she loved it! i am not sure if i can say i have ever been to a
i am hoping to be a teacher someday. i am still young.
that is awesome! i just got divorced.
i want to be a jujitsu teacher
i love teaching jujitsu, but i prefer the simplicity of teaching.
what do you do for fun?
i love music and i am a rock fan.
i love yall. do you have any hobbies?
what is your favorite band?
i like to play card games with friends.
i enjoy going to the beach with my family.
that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
no i have not, i am a young adult.
wow, that is amazing. i am homechooling my child.
what grade are you in?
i am a teacher. i have a very large home. it is a small one.
yeah i can, i am an adult so i am very busy.
do you have any hobbies?
i like to make friends.
that sounds fun. i am allergic to cats and i like crafts.
i wish i could make my own. i am too young for cats.
i am still young, i am homeschooled.
i am in school. i am also in school.
oh wow that is pretty young. i am still in college, but i am so young now.
i hope so. i am sorry to hear that.
i am a teacher, and i love my job
i work in it. i enjoy it.
yeah, i love it. i am divorced. i would like to start a business.
i would like to be a good reader, i care deeply about politics.
i am a teacher. i have 3 daughters and 1 boy.
i don't work, but i do love to work.
yes, my parents were both firefighters. they were very supportive.
my passion is politics. i am a democrat.
i don't, but i like politics. i am a republican.
i understand that. my mom does not like the peace corps.
i don't like peace corps. my kids are all liberal.
that is a good one. i wish i could help people.
no, i am a republican. you?
it was because i was a leader. you?
it was the worst time of my life. i am not sure i was able to save my parents
hi there! i am trying to make some face hair.
i am sorry to hear that!
its my left leg! my friend lost it.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure it will be better when i get the help.
i would love to. i am also on my horse, but i don't like it.
i love reading. i am a liberal and i love reading books.
i have read many different books about horses.
i read books about politics. what about you?
yes i am a reader. i love to read.
what is your field of study?
that is interesting. i am in the field of it myself
i don't know any people who have heard of it
no i don't think you are right
i am sure you will be okay as a democrat
i don't follow it at all. i ride my horse every chance i get
hey how are you today?
pretty good... i am enjoying my weekend.
just watching the game
nice. i am in college studying biology
i work in a factory. i am scared of water
i am a bit of a bumsite guy, i grew up in the united states.
i did not i am in texas
i grew up in england, ca. i am from ohio.
oh wow that is awesome. are you in a good mood?
it is very rewarding, i am a biology major.
i like scary movies, especially ohio state buckeyes
you should be a marine biologist!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love to garden. i love planting my own plants
that is cool, i grow my own veggies
i garden vegetables i have purple flowers
i love to crochet teddy bears.
i am a bodybuilder, but i am also a cook.
i am a nurse so i am busy working as a bodybuilder. what about you?
i am a bodybuilder. my brother and i are the same age!
no siblings. do you have any siblings?
i don't have any, but i am a vegetarian. do you?
i don't follow a diet, but i love animals!
i love meat too! i eat a lot of it too!
i don't eat meat. i am a red cross volunteer.
i am not a big meat eater. i am a bodybuilder.
yes! i love yoga, and i would love to workout with you.
i love yoga, it is so relaxing.
its hard to start. i am trying to get into the meditation.
i am a bodybuilder.
yeah i do. i have a large collection of teddy bears.
i am great, just got home from my new house
very nice, i live in the south, so i have a lot of stuff to buy
i like going to the club, what do you like to do?
i am going to church today.
i am sure you will enjoy sunday and sunday night.
church, i am conservative and i don't eat it, its the most conservative thing i have ever
i am a little conservative too. my family lives on our road and i don't like it.
i like to drive my ford pickup truck. it is a great truck.
i have a dog too. he is a toy truck.
that is cool. do you have any dogs?
i have a dog too. he is a great photographer.
no i don't. i am more into shooting photos.
yes. i take pictures of my dogs and other animals.
i am not a huge fan of face book, but i do love my family.
i have never been to a museum. i have a huge love for selkies.
i am doing well, but not too well. just got back from a long day outside.
i am doing well. just got back from hunting.
i like to play guitar, especially when i am not hunting.
i love music, i am a pro at it.
i like to play the violin.
do you have family there?
my family is from chicago. my brothers live in arkansas too.
that is nice, i am glad my family lives down the street from me
do you have any tattoos? i have one on my arm.
do you have any tattoos?
they are from the south. how about you?
what do you do for fun? i like tattoo artists
i will do that. what do you do?
i am going to go hunting for dinner.
what kind of truck?
i am from california. i love ice cream. do you like ice cream?
i like ice cream. i am from oklahoma, and i love it.
i love ice cream. i love it as well.
i love to be around people.
i love working in the homebody.
i am a homemaker. do you like animals?
no. i live in a nice little town in nyc.
that is great. are you a big fan of cool things?
his name is sam. he is a homebody.
i think he would eat cookies.
i work in a homebody.
that sounds very good! i am not hungry.
oh i have never eaten that.
i love animals and animals are my favorite.
nope. alice is my husband.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. just got home from work. my family live in arkansas.
i don't like quiet places. it is always lonely.
i love to play the guitar. it is so relaxing.
no, i am not very good at it. i read a lot
what is your favorite place to go?
i am from new york. where do you live?
i am from chicago.
i live in chicago, i love chicago
i love chicago. i love to visit new york.
yes, but it is the political elite and the political system that is keeping us from achieving greatness
cool! i am just living here with my two brothers, we have a lot in common.
i was in power when i was younger.
wow, that is impressive. i bet it is very peaceful
do you spend your time thinking about politics?
i am great. just relaxing with my mom and dad.
i am good just got back from playing a video game
that sounds fun. what do you do for fun
a bit of everything i am a musician
that is awesome i like game of thrones
i am a gun guy
wow cool are you into that
oh i am addicted to that
i like what you say
do you like country music? i do, but i like it a lot.
i am from new york. i love new york.
i am from california but i live in florida
i am from new york. i was raised by my uncle
it was pretty terrible i am sorry to hear that
i am not sure what that is but it is a game
hello! my parents are dead, so i don't have a hotel.
do you live near a place like that?
that is a good question, i don't know, i don't have any kids
awesome, do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend?
my parents passed away. my parents are dead.
i am a retired army veteran and i am sorry i am not home
i was never disabled, i am sad.
i am sorry to hear that. i used to help my mom when i was young.
my parents were both disabled. do you have a job?
i am sorry. do you have any regrets?
my parents lived in california but i live in the states
my dad was in the military i am glad he is gone.
i don't i don't have any spiders i fear spiders and snakes
i am scared of spiders too
i am afraid of spiders and snakes and you?
thank you god bless you also i wish i could live forever like you.
thanks for your time i hope you enjoy my religious books
i like to garden and garden and i love to garden
that sounds like a cool hobby. do you like hiking?
i like to garden in the summer
no i have not, but i have seen a few
i don't i don't like them
it is a yellow bear, it is the one that i see alot.
i have never drawn. i love painting and drawing
that is so cool! what do you do for a living?
what color do you draw?
i would love to learn how to draw something like that
that is cool. do you have any favorite plants
i have a drawing of a tree
i play for the ohio state buckeyes
i love the red and the orange it is a pretty color
i love the ohio state bucs
i am doing great, thanks! how are you?
i am great, just working on my computer design. you?
that sounds fun, i love doing that too.
i am well, i am from canada and i am young.
i am from canada, i have been there for over five years now.
that is good! my house is in canada, how about you?
i am not ready to do anything yet but i think it will be nice to learn
do you have any other hobbies?
i like taking and posting selkies
cool. i like to swim.
haha i like iced tea and sweet tea
i like iced tea too. its so good!
haha i don't have any hobbies
i like reading and designing. what about you?
that is cool. i like the zoo. i love the dogs.
i am well. just sitting at home typing some jazz music.
oh, i just ate some bacon.
what do you like to do for fun?
i am a engineer too so i don't get to do much
i am so excited! i live in new york. i cannot drive because i live in new
i have been to a lot of places, but i never had a lot of people.
nope i live in the city. i love it
what do you do for a living?
i am a dental assistant at a hospital. i am a dentist.
that is so hard work.
its not easy, but god is a big presence.
i love bacon. what is your favorite food?
i am not a huge fan of bacon.
i am doing well. how are you?
yeah, i wish it was so. i am actually from california
i am a kennel cleaner. i enjoy simple plan. i like to dance
i am a singer and play the drums
i love animals. i work at an animal shelter.
i like exotic animals too. do you have family?
i am from chicago, what about you?
oh cool i live in california. how about you?
that is nice i am in miami right now
do you like to go to the beach and get sun?
i love it, it is so nice to be outside
you should play it on your ps4.
i read a lot of books, i am not much into video games.
that is a genre i love to hear
i am the only person in the room with my soft spot for my boss
i have not seen much tv since i dropped out of high school
i am single, i am a homebody. i like watching movies and tv.
i love animals, i don't like animals.
do you think you will get married? i don't like people.
i am a runner. i dropped out of high school.
do you like ice cream? i love it!
i don't like fast food, i prefer to eat fresh.
i am a homebody. i love watching movies and tv.
i dropped out of high school. i don't like animals.
oh no! where did you drop out? i am so close to home.
i don't like being at home, i don't like being alone.
i don't really like to go out much, i just like to watch tv and movies.
i don't. i like being around people more than i like to be around people.
i like to watch tv too.
i like to watch movies. i love to run.
hi ray, how are you?
that is cool, i am in the army. i am also in south korea.
that is cool, my favorite food is eggplant parmigiana
i am a typical twenty year old male
i love pet food. what is your favorite food
that is really sad, i am a violent person, how about you?
do you have any family members in your family that you have killed?
i would have to agree, i am a dog person
i am charlie, he is the only dog he has that chip on his shoulder
wow, that is a cool name. i am in the army
yes, i do, i am in australia
i love the beach
i am sure you can travel there. do you?
you should see that place in new york.
i want to go to the new port of call
i am doing good, how are you?
i like traveling and going on adventures. what do you do?
i love watching movies and tv. what are you going to do for fun?
i am studying to be a lawyer. what do you do?
oh ok. i like ice cream. what do you like to eat?
i like dogs too. do you have any pets?
no, but i am homebody
i have no kids. do you have a family?
we are homebody we don't have much time
i am studying for a lawyer.
i am busy, i am trying to relax and get through my day.
i am into cooking and travel. what about you?
i like to cook too much ice cream for my husband
yes, i love pizza and pizza is my favorite
that is really sweet! what do you do for work?
i am fine, just eating some meat
oh i like food
i like to listen to music and have fun
i like listening to what people say. what is your favorite music?
i am just talking to you
thank you very much i am a wife and three kids
what do you do for work?
oh wow. do you live near the hospital?
do you go camping and hike?
i just don't have many friends to go with me.
yes you can come with me and we can chat
that is cool, i am hoping to get to do some work soon
my mom is retired she is a health professional.
she is going to be my friend too
thanks for telling me! do you like new people?
nice! i am currently working on my mural.
i paint my own garbage collection, since i am tall.
i am going to school for dance. you should come see me sometime.
do you catch fish?
i have to leave my fishing rod at home. i would like to fish.
i am a swimmer. i swim a lot, my feet hurt when i do.
i don't swim. i swim in the water.
what is your favorite dance?
i am not a dancer, i prefer to paint.
sometimes when i am not working on my projects.
i like to fish. i live with my sister.
i have a dog named lucy. i love him.
i love dogs. i have a dog named ralph.
i am okay. i am fine. how are you?
i have always wanted to be more
i don't have any but my best friend took my boyfriend in high school.
i hope to have one in a few years.
i would love to. but i cannot.
oh no. are you married?
he is not. we are so much alike.
i would be a banker. i am retired now
i am a criminal justice attorney.
i am a banker. i am a genius
i don't mind. i eat alot of junk food.
i bet you can. do you make windows?
i think i am so sorry. what is wrong with you?
yes i have, and its very sad
well that is my best friend will do that
hi i am a female and 22 years old
do you like me too?
no they don't listen to me
nice. i hang out with my friends. they are my friends
sometimes, i spend time alone. and i hike sometimes
i like to go for walks. i love to play sports and being active
i am a single mom of two boys.
i listen to rap music when i can
i love to sing and listen to music when i am not working
i am in college studying so i am a classic rock girl
i am currently working on accounting
where do you work?
i am just an accountant. it is a good job
i will be in college and work on my studies.
i am not close to retirement but i enjoy it
i don't have allergies
i don't have any pets.
no, i am a pediatrician and am married.
i am allergic to any pets.
i grew up with my mom. she was a great parent.
that is really cool. i am not good with my hands.
i love to run and read. do you have any pets?
do you like to run? i do. i am color blind.
i love the color blue, especially the color pink.
i wish i was a karate instructor. i was in the army.
i am a pediatrician.
that is great. what do you do for a living?
not really. i am really into children.
i am going to work at the hospital today
oh okay. i am a nurse. i hate cats. i am more of a nurse.
i love to tell stories, but it is hard to tell without a story.
no i don't, i have cats. i hate cats
i am sorry to hear that. what kind of pets do you have?
i have a dog that is too. he is so sweet and friendly
i have two dogs and one cat.
i don't get along with my dad either. he is a nurse
yes it was. i am a fan of music and love rush
i don't i am a nurse
no i don't. my mom does not like nurses but she is a good person.
they are very cool. i like them a lot.
i do too! do you like anything else?
not really, i just work. what about you?
oh well. you are older than me. i have a hobby
hi! i am good. thanks for asking. how are you?
i am good. i just got back from walking my big dog.
that is great, i am an avid runner.
i am a singer, not a singer, i am more of a singer
i love to watch horror movies. i don't sing.
i like movies, i love them all
i graduated from usc, i am a college student.
i was in college at the time
i grew up in the us, but moved to southern carolina a few years ago.
i am from the usa, i am from algeria
cool. i wish i had a better life here.
yeah, i like italian food so i would love to visit
what is your favorite food?
hi! i am a single mom and i have a dog.
i am not a big fan of dogs. do you have any pets?
i live in a house with a dog.
i do. i am an american born and raised here.
i love cats. i also like to watch romantic films and romance books.
no, i don't. i don't have any pets.
i have two cats. what about you?
no. i have a phobia of heights.
oh, i am a single woman. my dogs are too big for her.
no, not yet. i am religious.
i like to take my dogs with me when i am not taking them to the park.
no. i am not very religious. i have two.
i like romance books. do you like movies?
no. i don't read much. i am an attorney.
i am not religious. my wife wants me to go back to church.
i have a big farm, i have a horse.
i have two big dogs, one large, one small.
i work with horses, we have a lot of them.
i enjoy playing frisbee in the park.
i enjoy working out and cooking meals.
that is so good! i love to exercise and eat healthy
i listen to john denver on the radio. i love listening to him
i take my 2 dogs to the ranch and listen to him on the ipod
i love horses. i also like to cook them at my ranch
i love riding frisbees and playing frisbee
that sounds like fun, i like to take my horses outside
i do. i eat healthy and get to exercise
i like to exercise when i am working out
that is good. i am so excited for fall.
i don't have time for that. i work out and cook
my name is jane. i am well. you?
i am good. just got done with my cat. you?
that is too bad. i have a cat. i sew for my relatives.
i write romance novels, i am a writer.
i have a job too... i am retired.
that is interesting. i am also a writer... my two cats and i are going to
perhaps. i can write a novel about a man named john.
that is true... i am the author... but i am so lonely.
i am sorry. i don't think i am joking.
i am not sure if you mean you sing? i have two cats.
i will try to keep busy
oh, that is too bad. i am sorry. i am sure you will kill me.
i am sorry to hear that. i don't know how i feel.
why is that? i have two cats and a dog.
i have not written a good one yet. i bet you will find it.
i am good, just got back from my day off. where do you live?
i am from alabama. i want to be a doctor when i get older.
what city are you from?
i like fashion, especially clothes and hair.
cool. i like to play video games.
that is awesome. i have never heard of that.
i play games. i am a huge gamer.
that sounds fun. i drive a volkswagen beetle.
ariel. i love ariel.
oh okay. my volkswagen is a volkswagen beetle
i have never heard of that one.
no, but i drive a volkswagen. it is a huge fire engine.
oh wow, i am not familiar with that.
i am great. just got done with work at a dog obedience school. you?
i am good. how are you?
oh how are you doing?
i am tired. i just got home from work.
i am at work.
i am in the office, but i am in the home
i like to take animals to the park and hang out with them.
that is cool. i am a competitive body builder.
i am a trainer. i am a super talented one!
no, i am just a little biased.
yes... i run a business. it is awesome.
oh wow. i love listening to tim mcgraw.
mine is jake. i have no idea.
hi jordan, i am married and a vet
that is nice. my name is jordan. what do you do for fun?
i am from chicago. my cat is arizona
i am from california, i live in florida
that is awesome. i am excited to be home again
i do. i love the smell of the jungles.
i love playing board games with my brother. what do you do?
i have a snake but its hard to tell if its a snake or a snake
i have never heard of snakes, do you like snake tricks?
it is a great biography. what do you do for work?
i like board games. i like to play them in my spare time
i play video games as well. i play games on my weekends
what kind of games do you like?
i like to read a lot
my brother just got married. he is a big fan of horror
i love watching movies and tv. what are your hobbies?
i like movies too. i am more into movies.
i don't. i am not into movies. what do you like?
oh, cool. what kind of movies do you watch?
i don't like to watch tv. i have to watch movies on my couch.
i could not live without that, i am a pretty good swimmer.
i don't like exercise, i like it too.
i sew to keep myself warm. i like to sew when i am home.
i sew for my husband. he is a homebody, so i don't like to exercise.
i have a variety of things. i have made quilts for my relatives.
haha... i love to take my husband and i to movies and tv shows.
maybe i can make a quilt with him.
i like to bake cookies and watch tv.
yes, i would love to, but my horse is my only companion.
i am sure they are. i have a camcorder and take pictures.
i have a few of them. i have a big garden.
i have three. do you have a job?
what is your favorite hobby?
i like to ride my bike and take walks.
do you have any pets?
that is cool, i like to meet people.
yes, i have two kids. i like to garden.
that sounds like a great idea. what kind of garden?
i would love to. i am not sure if i can find a husband.
i hope so. i am not a good person.
well, that is okay. i am sure you will find someone.
i am doing good. just finishing a romance novel.
i am writing a book about my surgery
about ten years. i have been out of the water for about a month.
i am a college student, so i have been studying for a masters.
i am a writer and introvert. i am still young.
well, i like to play frisbee with my two dogs.
i have a cat named cat. you?
no i don't have any kids. i have a son.
i have one son, two daughters, and a cat. what is your favorite animal?
i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite thing to do?
not at all. it was lonely. i am always lonely.
i wish i could find you. i wish i knew what surgery was for!
yes, i am married to a man.
yes, i am. do you have kids?
i am a male and female. are you?
i am in ny. where are you from?
i am from new york. i have a tv show.
oh cool! i am a rapper, and i listen to rap music.
i love the office, i listen to church music
that is so cool. i am a single mom and a man. do you have any siblings?
no i don't eat anything sweet
that is good. my brother and i are not in a family. i am just a father.
do you have a bible? i have one.
i go to church with my parents, and listen to rap
that sounds amazing! i don't eat any sweets at all
i love rap music. i love it.
i do, i like rap music as well. i like the office show.
that is cool! i am a trainer for my kids!
i love going camping and hiking
i am moving out of my apartment, i live alone.
that sounds interesting. do you have a job?
what kind of food do you like? i like cooking.
i like to cook. i like to grill meat.
that is awesome. i also love to eat. i like to cook in my apartment.
i am in nursing school. i am in a band, and i am having a hard time keeping
my mom is a stay at home mom, so i am a single woman.
i am 37. how about you?
do you have a passion for men?
that is cool. what do you do for a living?
i want to be a chef. do you like cooking?
i would like to do that too.
my name is jenny. what about you?
i am good. what do you do for a living?
what kind of work do you do?
what do you do for a living? i am in college.
oh that is awesome! i love soccer. i am a soccer fan.
i am a goalie, i work in an office as a secretary.
i love candy. i would like to try it out. i hate dogs.
yeah, i was on the soccer team last year. we had halloween parties.
i bet it is fun. halloween is my favorite.
yum! i am not that into candy, but i am hungry for something else
i like books. i love romance.
i read. i like books about science.
i love fantasy too. but i am scared of dogs.
i have not read them in a while... they are the best
i am into romance. i love those movies.
hello. i am jessica. i am in the early
i am great! just got back from playing frisbee.
nothing much just playing with my three kids
i have two boys and a girl.
i am sorry. i was born in the late isles.
i was born in august
i was born in the early 90s. you?
wow, that is impressive. i am an old school kid.
well, i was a firefighter and had to leave my home early.
i am a firefighter and i like it
they are pretty awesome
no i am not good at it. i just had surgery.
oh i am sorry to hear that.
do you have a favorite color? mine is purple.
that is very nice of you to do.
i am fine. just got home from a trip to the beach.
i am going to try and get my masters. i want to be a lawyer.
wow! what is your favorite place?
that sounds like a lot of fun! i also have no siblings so i spend most of my time
i hope so too. my girlfriend lives with me. she is my best friend
what is your major in? i am in law.
i have a degree in psychology but i don't go anywhere, i am studying psychology.
i am a student too
yes, i am. i love to travel and go to the library
do you have any siblings
i am okay. i am studying the history of oceanography.
i am hungry too lol
no i am not. i am just cooking a new recipe
i love pizza and pizza. what about you?
what is your favorite food?
i am great. how are you?
i am doing well, i am just driving my fursuit
i am from california. how about you?
i am not sure. i am from texas but i am a bit of a freak
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i don't know what to say.
yes, they were. my friend got hurt.
i am sorry to hear that. i love music.
i like to play online, i am in it
cool. i use to work at a computer company.
i am a pastor, i have been doing that for a few years now
that is cool. what is your favorite thing to do?
i don't know. i don't know how to deal with it
what do you like to do? i like to draw.
yes. i am more of a furry guy so i think that is a good choice
you are right. i am in texas right now.
i am cooking some beef jerky today, and you?
all kinds of things, but the big family is the most important.
that is great. i work as an attorney. i have to worry about heights.
sounds like you are busy. i am. i am married with kids.
i understand. i have issues with heights.
he is okay, and i am sure he is.
do you have any family?
i hope he is okay. i need a big family to run my business.
no, i don't think so. i don't think my religious beliefs are good.
i am not religious. my husband does not like religion.
i think we are. i think it is a great religion.
so what are you like to cook?
that is great. i hope that is a good thing.
do you like religion?
i am not religious. i think there are better ways to live.
what do you do for work?
hi there, i am currently a student. you?
nice i am homeschooling my child so i am good
yeah i love that it is so easy
yes i do. i am in the crafts business. i like to make crafts.
i am pretty good about that. i dropped out of high school
why did you drop out? i like to make crafts
oh no, my son has a job in fast food
yeah he is a teacher
no it is not like me. you are right, i know
i hear a lot of cats, so it is hard to see them.
what are you doing?
you are right it is. i am homechooling my child
that is good to hear. i hope it gets over quickly
i hope you have your plans and i am sure you will
i am not sure yet. i am in college.
you are not in my state of america?
i am from cali. what do you play basketball for?
oh, i am in california, i majored in biology
biology, i want to be a doctor. what do you do?
sounds like you are pretty hot right now
i hate the heat. i am glad he is gone.
i did not know he was hot either
oh okay. i am sorry. i love reading.
i have read about dolphins.
i like to go to the ocean to surf.
i am sorry to hear that.
i have been very bad at school.
i am sure it is, i am still young.
i am not a good cop
i am doing well. just got done cooking a little bit of strange candy.
i am doing well. how about you?
i don't like to write, so i am reading.
i like nature poems as well
no i am not a writer. i don't have time for poetry.
i am a military officer. what about you?
i like to read. i also like to hike and collect weird stickers.
i am a dr.. who rides bikes, so i have a hobby
that is great! do you have any hobbies?
i have never been a great artist. i am an old man so i know nothing about art
i do, i love it, i am a huge outdoorsy person.
that sounds like fun. i am hoping to cook dinner with you soon.
i love weird stickers, they are my favorite.
i am from arkansas, where are you?
i live in arkansas, my family lives in arkansas.
i live in an apartment in chicago
yes it is. i live with my family. i am from chicago.
i love the peace and quiet of arkansas, and my family in chicago
i play the guitar on occasion. they are good at it
no i am not a guitar player
what do you do for a living?
i am a stay at home mom. i also work as a waitress
that is cool, do you have any tattoos?
well i am a little busy with my family now
that is good! i work a lot. i am a student.
i like to fish and i like to eat fish
i like tattoos. i have a lot of them.
what is it? is it a batista?
hi brianna, i am well thanks for asking. i am sara. you?
that is cool do you work? i am a pediatrician
i am a nurse. what do you do?
that is cool i work in the healthcare field
well, i have a decent job, but i don't like animals so i dropped out of school
what do you do for work?
i like animals and i love them
do you make muffins for them
do you live in a house or apartment?
that is not good for you
i know but i am allergic to cats.
i have a cat named pedro
my cat is not my thing, he is very fluffy.
i don't have any cats but i would love to see them
oh i am sorry i dropped out of school. don't get sick!
i am good how are you
i am doing good, how are you?
i am just wondering. what do you mean by that?
i am sorry do you work
what do you do for a living
i did not have a brother, but i did have a sister
i used to work for a local company as a manager
yeah i don't like dogs
i like cold weather and snow
oh, i am allergic to dogs
i am from wisconsin i am from arizona
where do you live?
i like metallica and my brothers
i have one brother who lives in the us
i don't have any siblings. i was a child.
i am doing very well. how about yourself?
oh, i am doing well, just finished a romance novel, do you like it?
good, i am also working in a grocery store so i have a lot of time to do things
i would love to work in a restaurant, i am a chef.
i love to study and cook. i love taylor swift. what are your hobbies?
i love classical music. i like to listen to it when i sing.
i like to listen to music while i shop.
i never heard of her before. what is your favorite musical artist?
how do you feel about the city that you live in?
i am in a band. i am 32 years old and love romance books.
what do you do for a living?
i am a chef and a student.
i am a grocery store employee, i make about 60 bucks a month
i love horses, especially those that are beautiful
that is a shame. do you have any other hobbies?
well, i am trying to get my hands on some new software.
i am good, just reading about politics
i love to cook, especially romance books. what do you do for a living?
well i am trying to stay in touch with the news, i watch it every night
do you live in a house or apartment?
how expensive are you?
i am a romantic, not as much as i like romance novels and movies.
i like reading. do you like politics? i do.
i don't have time for politics. do you have a job?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a computer?
i rent an apartment and i can get you a fix.
you should. i don't live in hot weather.
it is, but the big cities are getting bigger.
do you know how to beat the cops?
i bet that is true. i love my profession.
i am doing good, i work in an office.
i eat. i am hungry.
what do you do for a living?
oh wow! what kind of degree? i am studying to be a college student.
i got a masters in marketing, i am in the office.
i think about it a lot. what do you want to do in life?
that is cool. i love candy. i love candy.
i like ice cream, but i have never had ice cream.
i have no idea what to do with my stalkers
my parents did not want me.
that is okay. you should tell them you love them
my parents did not want me, but i want to go to college.
my uncle is a secretary. he is always busy.
i do. i love my job. what about you?
sure i will, i will get you a job, do you like candy?
hello, i am in the army.
oh, cool. do you play any instruments? i do.
i was born in puerto rico and grew up in the country.
yeah. i just play softball, so i think i am more of a groupie.
ahh. i have been serving in the army. i am 22.
i am female, but i don't have any kids yet.
i am a girl, 43 years old.
i was born in ma, and i have a baseball glove.
i am in the army, but i am a professional athlete.
that is cool! what do you do for fun? i like to sing in the choir.
yes, i sing along with my guitar.
what kind of music do you like to sing?
i would love to hear you sing too.
i don't want to. it is sad.
i don't. i am too young to help.
i am doing great! how are you?
cool! i play games mostly fantasy videogames.
i am about to play the ohio state buckeyes.
that is awesome! i am too shy to play any sports. i play fantasy videogames.
what is your profession?
i do a lot of gymnastics. i love running and jumping in the air.
i do swim a lot. i have a swimming suit.
i am shy so i don't swim.
i am afraid of water. i am a gardener.
i have a science degree, so i have a lot of free time.
i love gardening. i have lots of garden and plants.
i like veggies too, especially vegetables that are grown on the farm.
i love tomatoes, but they are so expensive.
yum! i love vegetables!
i don't think i would say that. are you a nice person?
hi, i am fine. just sitting here listening to some scotch.
no, i just got a new house. i don't get out much.
i drink scotch to relax, but i drink it a lot
i went dancing yesterday. i am just going to go back to work.
awesome. i am going to watch a superhero movie.
i will not. i am going to go to the club.
i am just doing it for fun so i am going to throw my scotch away
do you have any pets? i have a dog.
what is your favorite dog class? i love dogs!
i hate it. i am sorry. i think i am going to jail.
yes i did. but i don't think i will ever go to a carnival.
oh i am sorry. i think i just saw you, or something
i am glad you are okay. i have a dog. she is my best friend.
i am doing well thanks for asking. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that
not much. i work for a shelter
oh what do you do for work
that is good. i am a veterinarian so i know what i am doing
i am a weight lifting person i need to lose weight
i don't have any kids. i have a soft spot for my boss niece.
do you lift weights? i lift weights every weekend
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a spouse?
do you like cats
i love watching scary movies with my kennel cleaner
yes i would love that i love you.
its okay. i would like to go to a different band to get me more attention.
i am a fan of pop music, but i am not much of a person.
she will love you too! i have a soft spot for my boss niece.
i am good. how are you?
that is cool do you have a lot of friends
i was born in north dakota, but now i am in new york.
that sounds like fun! i am sure you can do it
we like to go to the south pole, we like to go to the beach
do you have any other college plans?
i got a job at a local one. i still live in school
where are you from?
you know my best friend in kindergarten?
i am thinking about going to college and getting a boyfriend
wow! that is too bad. i am in the same position as my best friend
well that is a good way to look at it
i work for a advertising company. i am a kindergarten teacher
that is interesting. what do you do for fun
yes. i am getting ready to travel to the europe.
i am doing good. just relaxing.
it was a great one. what are you doing today?
i am going hunting
not really, i enjoy it a lot
do you have any family? i have three dogs.
i am a little overweight, so i have been to six countries.
its nice. where do your parents live?
i walk in the garden when i am not teaching biology.
i eat a lot of vegetables.
yeah i live in a small house.
i live in the suburbs so no one goes to the stores.
that sounds like a great place to live.
it is, i am excited to visit my family every sunday.
i love that. praying is important to me.
do you live in the christian church? i do.
i don't believe in the idea of god.
good night, bye.
i am just a student so i am pretty blonde.
cool. i am homeschooled and have a robot in the house.
i am from california, i have traveled all over. you?
oh wow. i am in california. i am in college.
i would love to go there, my girlfriend is a homebody.
i don't have any pets, but i do have my best friend. he is a robot.
oh nice. you should try that out.
you must be smart. i am homeschooled.
yes they are. i am sure they will be awesome.
i bet. i am homeschooled. i have a robot in my home.
well, my girlfriend is the one who instilled in me that she can do anything.
that is an awesome name!
i am a girlfriend of mine and i love her.
i am sure she will come over soon.
that is great! i hope you are a good student!
i am doing well. how are you?
i am doing well. just got done walking my dog.
i love dogs! i have a 2 year old and i have a dog
it is a mix of dogs that i have
i am a 22 year old girl
i have two dogs and a huge dog
i like to hang out with friends, what about you?
i like to be active, too, i like to play volleyball, volleyball, tennis, and hiking
i love food! i don't eat much. i am in college.
i like food, especially italian. i can eat it all i want.
oh, great. are you going to go out with them?
i would love to go to europe
yes, but i am more into country. i love it.
it is beautiful. i have never been to europe
i don't know much about it, i am more into sports.
i am doing well. just watching the news on tv.
i am so sorry to hear that. i was arrested for stealing.
what do you do for a living? i am a political activist.
i just got out of high school
i read a lot but i really like to read.
i like to read and i don't like fashion
i would love to be a fashion designer, but i don't have a job yet.
what are you studying? my best friend took me in high school
me neither. i am so nervous about that.
i love sports
i do, i love football.
i love watching movies. i would love to be a fashion designer.
i do, i love to watch movies and tv
i love to read and play sports
i am not much of a reader. i mostly just read and watch.
i am fine. just got home from a battle with a guy.
i am hurt in the leg
because i was thinking about speaking my mind
i am trying to figure out what to eat
yes, i love to workout. i keep to myself.
i am a vegan
i like to ride horses, i want to have my own
no, i like to swim, especially in the ocean
i like riding horses. i ride them when i am not working out.
i am a swimmer i love it
no, they don't swim, they are too big to fit in a boat.
that is cool i love them
no, i am not. i don't want to speak with you.
i am doing well, i just woke up from a nap.
that is nice. i am currently working as an actor.
i am a graphic designer and a graduate student.
i am single. i am a fashion model and actor. what about you?
i don't have any kids, but i do have a husband.
i like to skate skate. i am in new york city next year
i would like to go to rain forest. i don't have any.
i don't like spiders. i am scared of spiders but i am moving.
i am hoping you like the new city.
i am sorry. what do you do for fun?
i am a teacher, and i am very creative.
i am going to the show to see my new york show.
it is great.
that sounds interesting!
it is. what are you working on?
i am doing well. how about you?
oh, sorry to hear that. i am just a little disappointed in my life.
i am 32. do you have any children?
i am sorry to hear that. i am single.
that is not too bad. what do you do for a living?
yes it is. it is nice to have the break from work.
i cook a lot of different things
i don't like cooking very much
i will keep my family and friends in my thoughts
i love the smell of fresh meats.
i am not a big steak person i am very fat
i am sorry. what is your favorite food?
i am sorry i am fat
i am good. just had a surgery. i have a huge dog.
i am good. just got back from driving my truck.
i got my two large dogs to take care of me. they are my favorite!
i am in the hospital. i am so sorry.
i am ok, i am just getting ready for work. i just got back from work.
no, i don't drive much. i just work a lot.
no i am not employed yet. what do you do for a living?
i am sure you will have a wonderful life. do you have any children?
i do. i had to leave my children alone and watch them all too often.
i am 35. i work for a dairy farm and only have time for three.
do you drive?
i am in texas. you?
new jersey. i have lived in chicago for 20 years.
i am well, how are you?
i am a child, so i don't know. what is your name?
oh........ i am a college student. but i enjoy going out
i like to listen to music mostly
country is great. i love to party. what do you do for a living?
that is cool. i am a huge fan of country music
i have a lot of friends.
do you like to read? i like to write
no, just my birthday.
yeah, i do. i go to the hospital once a week.
oh ok. you are disabled. you need to be able to move around better.
that is cool. are you an old person?
i was raised in the military and worked in a theater. but i was never really in a band
that is really unfortunate. i am a doctor
that is great. i have a skillset to help them
i just bought a new house
i am saving up some money for a new house.
my mom says she does not work.
i have a craft shop
wow! that is a lot of work. i work as a teacher
i am a designer for a living
i run a dog obedience school.
that is awesome. do you have any pets?
i just got a brand new house and i just posted pictures.
cool. i take them to the park.
nice! i have to have free time to do that.
i like to read and paint
i love sweets. what is your favorite?
that sounds delicious! i bake crafts as well.
yes. i love sweets. i like to bake a little bit more.
what if i don't want to let go?
my mom is a nurse, she sang for me.
i do i have been standing on the edge of my desk
what do you do for fun?
i am retired. i don't work
that is cool. i make clothing for a living.
no i just sew stuff
i have a couple of shirts from my collection
i have 2 brothers and a sister. what do you do for fun?
yes i love them
they are my favorite. i am wearing them everyday
that is great. i am a farmer. i love making clothes
it is, i am too short for that
i guess i have to work sometimes.
so what do you do for work
no i am not a police officer. i am a artist.
i was arrested in high school. now i want to be a fashion designer
oh, okay. i am a research assistant.
i am a criminal
lol, i am 5 ft tall. i am only 5.
i don't think so
you must be a professional hunter. i am a cop.
i don't think so, i have a boyfriend
no i don't do you. i am a criminal.
what do you do for fun
yes. i would love them if i was you.
i have two kids and a best friend
i see, do you drive a car?
wow, i guess so. what do you do for fun
you are funny, right? i like cars, i clean out cages at the lab
you are great. what do you do for work?
i adopted a kitten named arizona from the womb.
oh, that is so nice. i am not sure i could handle my brother.
yes, i played board games for years.
that is a great time!!
that is great! do you have any hobbies?
i love peanut mops, i love peanut butter mops
i love peanut marts. and my cat named arizona.
that is good i don't know what to say
i am a phone call away from home.
they say they are just trying to make the most of themselves
i have peanuts on my tongue
well, they are all the same.
because beesly calls me when i am not playing board games.
haha.... i don't know..........
i am good. just eating a muffin.
i am hungry and i am having lunch
i have a dog, he is 5 foot tall.
i have a gorgeous fish aquarium.
that is cool i am gonna have to order a muffin and eat it
i love breakfast and lunch. i eat all the time.
i love muffins
that is awesome. i want to teach people how to eat them.
that is cool. do you have any other hobbies?
i am short too, i just wish i had leg extensions
i have a short beard too
i love their color. do you have any pets?
that is cool. i love movies and they are so funny
i have a big collection of teddy bears.
yes i have, i have two dogs and one cat. i have a dog named paul.
awesome! i love cats. i have one named teddy.
a tiger. i have two, and one of them is a tiger.
you don't have any pets? i am a nurse!
wow! i work with my 3 grown kids, so i have a few tigers
do you have any pets?
that is a great thing.
do you have any green ones? i have the ones i have.
i have two kids they love them
i have a big collection of teddy bears!
yellow. i love yellow. i will be purple someday.
yes. green is the perfect color for anything.
i like reading biographies, but i have not heard of them.
that is cool. i don't have a job yet. what do you do for fun?
i am a college student, i just graduated from college
do you have any favorite bands? i love nirvana.
i like to play board games.
i like board games as well. do you have a favorite band?
that is awesome. i play board games too.
i am the only cousin of my father. i have a sister.
my mom was a single mother.
what do you do for a living?
that is a great thing to do.
that is so cool. i love to run. what do you do for fun?
i play the guitar, my favorite hobby.
i just got done playing guitar. i play keyboards for a living.
that is awesome! i have been playing for over ten years.
i love eating mangoes
i like chocolate and ice cream.
i am a huge comic book nerd. i have been married four times and have a huge beard.
i enjoy watching movies and tv. do you have a favorite food?
i love to collect antiques, so i have to watch.
i bet. i bet. i don't have any.
what type of antiques do you sell
my husband loves sports
yes i do, i watch television with my husband and we have been married four times
i am a comedian, but i don't like it
i am not into any other things. i am a eccentric hair stylist. you?
i have a fear of heights. my husband is taller than me so i am more comfortable.
what do you do for work?
i am great. how are you?
that is great. i am good. i am writing a romance novel.
i am doing great, how about you?
wow that is nice to meet you
i am a bodybuilder. i am a doctor.
i am a writer. i am currently in a romance novel.
do you write a lot?
i am an introvert
i like to write about the bodybuilder lifestyle.
i have not published yet. i am an introvert
i am also writing a book about my son.
yeah i am working on it too. its a couple of months from now.
you should probably start a business.
i am doing well, thank you for asking! how are you?
cool! i have a romance novel going on right now, i am an introvert.
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am a news anchor.
you should! i live on a boat so i can live on the island.
oh no i am just so focused on my sewing
that is a lot of walking.
that is a good thing to do!
i do! i have a cat named cindy. i love cats.
what are your hobbies?
i am very introverted, i get to know my cats better.
do you write a lot
i like to watch movies. i have never seen one.
not really, i just sew.
oh okay i am a writer
yeah i do. what do you like to do for fun
oh no, i am okay. i am in jail right now
i think my best friend took my boyfriend in high school
what did you do for a living? i am a sales manager at a local coffee shop.
i am a fashion designer. what do you do?
i am not sure if i will ever get out of jail.
that is nice of you to be honest. i am not sure i would get out of it.
i am single. i don't think we could be having a relationship.
i wish i was. i feel like i am not doing much right now.
i am not into music.
i like rock and roll.
i like metallica and rock, but i prefer cold weather
that is cool. i am so very close to my best friend.
i am sure you are doing great. i am pregnant.
that would be a good plan. i want to be a fashion designer.
i am a girl, so boys and girls are pretty much the same.
doing great! just got home from watching football on sundays.
that is cool. i don't like to watch sports. i am colorblind, which makes it
my favorite thing to watch is football on sundays.
i was in the army after high school, i was studying to be a lawyer.
i love shopping! what kind of shoes do you wear?
i have a dog, but my mom is not a fan.
yes, i have a dog. do you have any hobbies?
i don't have any pets. do you have any?
i don't have any pets, but i do have a dog.
that is awesome. i have a dog, too.
i like to watch football on sundays.
i have a plan to visit karok.
what are your favorites?
i am doing ok, just got home from a quiet evening.
i am doing ok, listening to some country music. you?
i like country music, but i don't like to write.
i knit hats for my favorite babies.
i have never heard of that. what is your favorite restaurant?
yes i love cooking! i love to cook and bake too.
i am not a fan of vegan food either.
i don't live in the city anymore. i moved to the city because i am too disabled to
i live in a small town. i am originally from the country.
i live in the city. i enjoy cooking with my harkers.
i love romance novels!
i have never heard of them.
i love writing and i am passionate about my writing
you should get married and have a family.
it is very rewarding. i like to write romance novels.
i am good, just got back from hiking.
i am doing well. just got back from a hike.
very nice. i am spending time with my family.
not really. i like animals and hiking.
i love the outdoors, i listen to music while i am hiking and camping.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats and a dog
i have a huge stereo so i don't have time for animals.
i am sorry. i will drive you around on my truck.
my dad retired in 2000 so i am just kind of busy
oh nice. do you have a favorite singer?
sure. what else do you like to do?
i am a veterinarian. do you have any hobbies?
what do you like to do?
i like to write poems and write poetry.
i love camping and hiking.
hello! i am mike. what is your phone?
i don't know. i don't know what they call you.
i am a stay at home mom.
just working. i am on my third shift in the office.
what do you do for work?
i am a secretary. what do you do for a living?
i am a nurse. what do you do?
oh no, how is that?
yeah, i try to stay busy. what do you do for fun?
i am a secretary. i am good.
i don't like sports at all. i am into all sorts of stuff. do you have a
i don't play. i am just a secretary.
i work with my cats. i am a nurse so i have been to a lot.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing great. i just finished reading a paranormal romance.
that is a scary movie. i am a kid.
its a bit of a mystery but it was fun
i like reading them
that is a good one. i would love to see more of them.
i am only 14 so i don't really have any time to think.
about five years. it is just so much fun to think about.
i am not a big fan of mediums. maybe you should get one.
i like reading paranormal romances, and i love to be excited.
oh wow, that is funny. i am an aspiring actor.
i have a lot of time to do that. what do you like to do?
i don't read much. i am a 14 year old trans boy.
i do 6 sisters and one older brother.
i like to look at numbers.
i am a business owner. i also run a fitness center.
i do, i am a democrat, what about you?
oh wow, are you in school?
i watch the news on tv when i am not watching tv
i do, i love to go swimming every day. i love hawaii.
wow, that is a good show. i watch it every night
that is cool. i don't like to distract myself from what is happening.
what do you do for a living?
i work at a fitness center
that is cool, i like reading.
i read a lot about fitness and nutrition.
do you write about politics? i am a democrat.
yes, i do. i love harry potter.
i love reading, and reading also
i am a fitness fanatic. i would not be able to swim, but i do enjoy it.
no i am a bear.
that is nice. i am sorry.
i am a nurse. i work at a hospital.
nice. i like to play board games.
i like nature. i love to hike.
i love chess, but i cannot find any good chess games.
i do! i do, i am in the shower.
you must be very excited. i just have to be careful not to spill coffee.
that is good! i don't care for the landlord. i like that.
my ex is the one who has been playing the game.
yes, i have a few board games on my computer.
i graduated from college and went to college.
i am a nurse. i am a nurse.
that is a good job. i have a little brother.
i am not sure. i am a red cross volunteer.
i do, but i don't have a job yet. i just got back from college.
i am in college. what about you?
i was on the soccer team. it was fun.
i wish i could play soccer. i have to wait to move back to my parents.
i did not really play much, but i still like to play.
i do, i love to fish and go fishing.
what do you do for a living?
i can imagine. i am saving up for my apartment
i am just a simpleton. my name is lucy.
i am ralph. whats yours?
my name is lucy. i love the show the soccer team
i am petite. do you have any pets?
i am a secretary, i got a dog recently
i have a dog named ralph. he is a dog.
haha that is a sweet name! do you have a sweet tooth?
hi joanna and i am joanna.
hello joanna. what are you doing today?
i like horror films. i love watching them.
i like everything. i spend my free time playing video games
i was born in south carolina, i am a stay at home mom.
i grew up in the mountains. i enjoy it!
i am from south carolina. my dad is a farmer.
yes i do, i own a very successful business
do you have a degree in nutrition?
yes! i love it. i am a very active person, so i am very active too.
what did you do for a living?
do you have any pets?
no. i have a cat named joanna.
no. i don't have any pets.
do you have any pets?
hi! i am doing very well. how are you?
not bad, i am worried about the environment
that is why i am trying to get out of work
yes it is, i am starting a new movement
that would be great! i am a vegan so i am sure we can start a movement
i am allergic to eggs, i hope to find some tomorrow
i would not be able to work, because of my disability.
that is very sad. do you have any pets?
i have a cat, what about you?
i have a stray dog. he is adorable
that is amazing. i am listening to country music
you sound like a great parent. i also love making my own clothes.
i love to knit hats for babies
i am looking for a lawyer.
i am an attorney, but i am from oklahoma.
i live in chicago, but i live with my brother in an apartment.
i am not sure. do you have kids? i have 2 dogs.
that is awesome. do you have any family?
i do. do you have a lot of money?
oh that is cool. i also have a lot of tattoos.
no. i don't have any. i am afraid of heights and hate them.
i live in an apartment in chicago. i have a lot of tattoos.
no i have lived in oklahoma. i don't think i can live anywhere near it.
okay. i am in chicago, so i am in the city.
you mean like? i am mean
do you have any pets?
sure i will. i am sorry to hear that.
yes. i love my brothers. i have 2 of them.
hi lauren, i am a girl in new jersey
that is cool, i am glad you are doing well.
she does not. my mother was an army nurse and she wanted to take her stray cat away
do you like the music?
i am into folk music. i have a pet cat that i love to take care of
i am a furry. my parents are from texas.
do you have any hobbies?
i like to surf and take walks on the beach. i love it.
i play guitar. i also like to sing folk songs.
do you have a lot of guitar skills?
i am good at poker. i am a little goofy.
yes, i do, and i have several hobbies
i am very good at it.
it is! i play the card game, my hobbies.
yes, i have played card games a few times. i was adopted.
that sounds interesting. i love hunting.
a redhead. my wife is hunting with me.
i love hunting with my neighbors. my garden is purple.
that is awesome, i am sure it will be great!
that is awesome. do you play any sports?
i watch a lot of football, but i like hunting
that is awesome, i like to watch football and volleyball.
oh that is awesome, i am usually not much of a football player
i like to garden. purple is my favorite color, and i love purple too.
are you close to my girlfriend?
oh no! i am afraid of water, that is why i try to avoid it!
haha, i am afraid my girlfriend will find me on the boat soon.
i am sorry to hear that. shrimp salad is bad for you.
hello, i am doing good. how are you?
i am good. it has been a rough year for me.
i am sure you will be ok, but that is ok.
sure maybe i can help you
what are you going to college for?
i am looking for something more
i have no idea what that is. what do you do for work?
i work at mcdonalds and i have been to mcdonalds a lot
i am sure you are in a hurry.
i am sure you will do well
reading. i love to read. i am married.
i love horror stories and horror movies
do you have any fiction?
i am good, just got back from a long day of work.
no i am a homeschooler so i have to sleep with my cats.
that is good! i am jordan and i am a veterinarian
i am lucy, my name is joseph
wow! i live in california so i have been there for years
wow. i live in a very small town. i don't like cats.
i am 32. i am playing video games with my friends
no i don't. i am homeschooling my child
i play video games and my wife and i play video games on weekends
very interesting. i am a home teacher, but i am a home teacher too.
yes, i do. i am a veterinarian, my name is jordan.
well, i like to spend time with my child.
i play video games and watch television
i like to read. i have a hobby.
i love drama books too
hi! i am doing great. thanks for asking. what do you do?
yes they did. i was at the wedding in a rush
i love the rush. i love to sing. what kind of music?
i am a big fan of the band rush
that is great! i am trying to find a job in my spare time.
i don't work but i do work in sales
i love to cook and serve soft drinks.
i like vegetarian food too. its what i eat while at my wedding.
nice! do you have any other interests?
i also love veganism.
do you have any vegan recipes?
i like spaghetti and meatballs too
my mom taught me to cook.
that is awesome. i am a sales guy
i have never tried it.
hello, i am just sitting here.
that is great! i live with my turtle in my small town.
you are allergic to cats. do you have any pets?
i have a cat too but i am allergic to cats
no, but i am not sure what to say.
i am home schooled so i am not in the middle of nowhere
oh, i bet! i live in bora bora, and i love to go fishing.
i have a huge collection of sea shells!
i am not sure if i would have a passion for jewelry... but i am learning.
i am a team player, so i am pretty good at it!
that is cool, what is your favorite sport?
i love to crochet. i am homechooling my kid.
i like to binge watch ultimate frisbee and watch it. i wish i could watch it more
i don't think i could but i am homeschooling my child.
i have two! i am a virgin.
i am doing well. just got home from working at a clothing store.
i am watching some tv, what about you?
cool! i just made my own makeup.
i like to travel. i like to read and travel.
i do, i make clothing with materials and paint
cool, i love listening to you
it is a hobby of mine. i love to be around people.
i like to read, do you?
i am not very good at traveling. what do you do for a living?
i am in europe now
that is a good idea, i am hoping to travel to usa someday
i am a environmental activist
i like watching tv shows like that.
i would love to travel, but i don't have time.
it is interesting to me, but i am still trying to understand the nature of the environment.
i am glad to see that. i am in australia.
i love wisconsin, its beautiful here. what do you do for fun?
i have never been there. i am so proud of it
i am in wisconsin. where are you from?
i am from miami. do you like miami?
me too! i am a manager in a big company and have a lot of experience with cold weather
i am working on my baby boomer career
yes, i am going to be a manager of a new music store
that is nice i am a mom of two kids so it helps
i don't have enough money to buy my own business
what do you do for a living
i love miami. where do you live?
i love the heat. my mom always wore long shorts
i like to play video games, and work in the healthcare industry.
do you like to read? i love to read drama books.
i like to take my dog to the movies.
i love dogs. do you have any hobbies?
i am an animal lover myself. i love the vet thing.
i work as a veterinarian. you?
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i am a flight attendant so i love reading drama books.
oh that sounds like a lot of fun. i also love the outdoors.
i don't. i am a vet. i just moved here from california
i have never been to florida. i am 5 ft tall, but i love it.
about a year. i live in florida now
i live in florida. how about you?
that is tough, how tall is a woman?
yes, i am. i have a dog named pedro. what do you do for fun?
pretty good. just getting my nails done. you?
just got ready to go to school
oh nice. what are you up to?
i like to play basketball. what about you?
that is cool. i like the beach. i love to go to it.
i love the waves. i am a little jazz.
nice! i like riding horses!
i like all animals. do you have any pets?
do you have any pets?
no pets, just a little too much time to think about them
they are my favorite. i have a cat and dog
i travel a lot. do you like them?
i love italian food and its so good
i love italian food but i am too lazy to travel
i am more of a vegan
hi there, i am doing well. just got home from work.
i am going to be a singer in a band. what do you do?
i play guitar and drums. i am a veteran, i have played a few times.
i am a lead singer in a popular band
i am into country music as well. what kind of music do you like?
i am the lead singer in a band
yes it is. i used to be in the military but now i am retired
where did you grow up?
i am so sorry. i am so tired i am not sure. i have been in the military
so you have a leg amputated
i guess so. do you have a problem?
thanks, i am my sister. my father was a truck driver.
i have one brother, and he is older than me.
i don't. i am the lead singer in a popular band.
i don't like them. they are old.
great, just got off work at the truck stop.
oh, that is great! what kind of truck are you driving?
yes i am, i am very proud of my seven children
how many kids do you have?
what else do you do?
i knit hats for babies at the hospital.
i am a mystery reader
i love mystery novels! i listen to country music while i am at work.
i love country, but i like to read for fun
oh, i am a vegan and i am very blessed!
yes i do have plenty of fresh veggies
oh that is so cool. it was fun.
it is i am trying to get by so i can get away
i am sure you will have a job soon.
i live in new york. it is a big city.
hi there. i am not very good with my dad.
oh i am sorry about that, what are you going to do?
i am sorry to hear that, what do you do for work?
i am a stock broker, and i like it a lot
oh really that is a cool job. i am currently a nurse
that is awesome, i love eggplant parmigiana
i like onions, i love them too
i love eggplant parmigiana. i am not a big fan of eggs though
i don't get along with my dad so i don't talk to him
it is very much like my brothers and sisters, what else do you like?
i don't get along with my dad, he does not like my family
i am sorry to hear that
you are a nice person. i love them.
i don't really like them. i have a big family, so i like them
wow, i love my family!
no, i am a christian, and i am going to hairdresser school.
my religion is purple. i am a devout catholic.
do you have any children?
oh, i see. i understand. i also work as a registered nurse.
my husband and i collect vintage 50s decorations for my son.
i love pizza and all the plants.
i love granola, but i am not very good at it.
i love pizza too. i just don't have a craving for it.
are you a big pork fan?
fish aquarium? i am not a fan. i love pizza.
yes, i like beer. do you like to eat it?
yes, it is different than my favorite color purple.
mine is pink, what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
haha, where do you live? i like the tree hill.
i have a passion for that. i love watching the channel.
i am doing great, just got back from my workout. you?
i am learning how to read. i am a young adult.
i don't have much time for that, i am also a body builder
what do you do when you cannot drink iced tea?
i like to drink iced tea. i also like to workout
i like to be creative and the spirit is my soul
i have no soul. i have no idea what that is
that sounds like a good hobby. i like to cook and eat rabbit stew.
haha well that is good for you
that is great. i like purple too. do you have any favorite color?
purple. i don't like red, i am blind
i am an adult. i am very shy and shy like you.
i love you too
i have a tattoo of a vampire. that is cool.
i bet you have some pretty good ones
i am great, i sing, but i am single
that sounds fun! i am getting ready for my first wood carving competition.
cool. i hope you make it big in acting. i want to become an actress.
i hope so. i drink a lot so i am not very good
that is a lot of money. what do you do for fun?
congratulations! do you have a wife?
i am sorry to hear that. i don't have kids, i just work as a model
i used to play cards but i stopped playing recently.
that is fun. i hope to make it to a big break someday.
that is a great city to live in.
since i was a kid. i still live in new york.
wow! i am not sure how i could live without it.
i am a model. i am currently in a model field
do you have any other hobbies? i love music and playing poker
i don't know. i don't know where i am
i am doing great. how are you?
i am good, just got back from a long drive
that sounds like a rewarding job. do you like it?
i want to be a graphic designer
i am currently taking italian lessons. do you like to do that?
i am not very good at it, but i would love to be a cashier
that is nice. i have a huge dog and i like to walk long distances.
my dog is a golden retriever.
they do. they are very happy with me.
you should try to walk the beach, its a beautiful area
yes i love to read, i have to go there a lot.
what is your favorite part of the beach?
that sounds nice. do you like italy?
what bucket list do you have?
i like to cook italian food.
i am okay, my dad is the worst.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
he is not very nice, he works for a hospital, and i hate him
i am a high school graduate
nice! what do you like to do for fun? i love to play with my cats.
no, i have a husband and we don't have a dog
that is cool. i work as a nurse.
i am in college i am working as a nurse
i don't, i hate my parents! what is yours?
i love soccer, i also love watching it on tv
i am also a nurse, so i don't get along with my dad
yes, i used to play it in high school.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like me?
i used to play soccer. i love watching them on tv.
i have never been a fan of crime shows.
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i am fine, just eating some spaghetti.
i am good, just got back from visiting my best friend in kindergarten.
i am a writer and i enjoy reading.
i like to travel. i studied in school. i am from north dakota.
that sounds fun i love to travel.
it is the only color i have. i grew up in north dakota.
in the country. i like to read.
that is cool, i am a jewish guy. i know someone who is.
i am not. i don't have any siblings. i don't have any kids
i am very religious. i am a little bit of a outsider.
my husband is anesthesiologist. he is a vet.
yeah that is not good
i have been married for 3 years.
yes i am. do you have any kids?
i am good, just finished serving in the army. how about you?
wow, that is nice. i live in new york so i don't have any rain jackets
i am in new york. i grew up in puerto rico.
i am not too fond of it, i live in jerusalem.
i love the country, especially in puerto rico.
yes, i don't eat anything sweet.
i am a thirty year old male in the army. i have always wanted to go.
i am 25. i love jazz, jazz music, and cooking.
i love jazz. how about you?
oh, i don't like jazz. i am a nurse.
i don't but i do enjoy the outdoors. do you?
i am sorry to hear that
i am in the army so i have to wait for my next mission.
i am not so bad. i am an edgy hippy.
yeah i am. i am so outgoing.
hi! i am doing okay, watching a horror movie. what are you up to?
awesome! i am a huge party animal. i am a party animal.
i work as a teacher. i teach at the local school.
wow! that is awesome! i am the lead singer in a popular band.
i am a professional singer too. i sing in a band.
i was, but i never finished high school...
my mom is a teacher, so she teaches us all.
what do you do for a living?
wow, you are very young. i am a huge fan of your band.
i am from dallas. my dad was a truck driver.
i am in new york. i was born in new york.
do you live in chicago? i live in the country.
that is awesome! i have never been to chicago.
it was nice. i stayed in chicago for a while.
do you have any hobbies?
i am great. just got back from the fashion store.
i am good just working and my husband works nights
i have to go to the mall for lunch. i drive a volkswagen.
i am a pilot i fly planes
wow, that is very sweet, i drive a volkswagen beetle
that is awesome i am a great cook
i am a college student i am a doctor
wow that is a great career
i am excited i am going to college to be a doctor
that is cool i am a masters in nursing
i don't know what i want to do
yeah i work from home too
wow you are very smart
i have seen that many people in my area
i go to auburn and that is where i go to the party
i am doing well. i am just getting ready for work. i like to exercise and cook
that is a lot of work. i am retired, but i don't have to work
i am old. i eat healthy and exercise daily
what is your name?
it is a cat name, what about you?
i am retired now, i am in the military
i never did, i am now a dieting professional.
yes i do too, i am fast and i need to get back to being a young man
i like playing with my dogs and cats, i am a stay at home mom
i love going to the park
i will have to get my feet in the wheel chair
no i don't
yes, i like to be in the gym a lot.
i don't like to sleep
i am tired too. i have a business that makes dieting food.
i don't have any allergies. i am an environmentalist. what do you like to do?
i am homeschooling my child and i like them
i am in new york now. what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. i go to school early so i get to be home early
what is your morning?
that is cool, i am homeschooling my child
i make a lot of homemade stuff
i like to paint and make crafts
i don't know, but i am an environmentalist and i like crafts
i did not know that i had to ask that
i am sorry, i am sure it is a little strange.
i would love to try it.
lol, i am fast, lol
you should ask me a question lol
i was a real estate agent for the past 12 years.
hi brianna, i am doing well. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that.
i have a lot of fantasy videogames on my computer. i am more of a german girl
very cool, i am the leader of a volunteer army
i am not. i am a video game fanatic.
oh, video games are fun. i enjoy video games.
i don't have any hobbies. do you have any hobbies?
i like to draw and draw on my teddy bear
i like to build models of things
oh, i am a nurse. i am also a nurse. what do you do?
i work as a model for a model space ship
wow that is interesting. i have not had a good day
i am very shy and i can do it.
what else do you like to do?
i am building a huge network of virtual worlds!
hi, i am just eating some mangoes.
i hate mango, i like italian food. do you eat it?
i love to eat food that is mangoes.
i love italian food
i am an odd woman for a dog
i am a teacher, i love teaching young kids
that is awesome! i work as a hair stylist. you?
oh wow that is really cool. i love italian food
i love collecting antiques, i am a professional hair stylist
cool! i love softball and sing in choir
that is cool, i am in the military. i have been married four times.
very cool! i am a cheerleader for a choir, but i am a huge team player
he is actually a deaf man. i am not able to play.
good, just eating a pizza.
i like pizza. i am a bodybuilder.
oh, i see. do you have siblings?
how many siblings do you have?
yes, i like pizza. i have six older sisters and one younger brother.
i love pasta. my mom is a secretary
i like paranormal romances and paranormal literature
what do you do for a living
oh ok. i am a vampire.
he does not like me either. i am sorry.
i am so hungry! what is your favorite food?
yeah i sing when i am not working as a bodybuilder
do you have brothers or sisters? i have 6 older sisters and one younger brother.
i don't have a job. i am a doctor so i don't like it
oh ok. do you like working?
what do you do for a living?
i am good. just got done eating some onions.
i don't i just started a new house
i do. i am a nurse. i love cats. you?
oh i see. i am sorry to hear that
not really. i am a nurse. do you?
do you have any kids?
i am female. i am a male nurse. do you work?
i like movies and dancing at the club
i love watching tv. i hate cats though.
not really i just stay up late and watch it
i really like them. i don't get along with my dad
oh ok you don't have much time for hobbies
i have three and i am always on the side
i have been running my school for 5 years
i love italy, i am in europe, so i love italy too
i love to eat! i like to eat all kinds of food
what do you do in new york? i am currently going to europe
i love sweets but i don't eat much
i love italian food. do you have any favorite?
i love jazz music. i am jewish
i love jerusalem. its my favorite.
yes i have. i don't work. i am not very good at it.
i have never been there.
i have to go. i will be there soon.
oh no. that would be great!
i am going to watch a few shows.
i have never seen that show. i don't watch much tv.
i am doing okay, how about you?
3 and my wife and 3 kids. what do you do for a living?
that is too young for you
yes, i play poker for a living
i love it, it helps me play alot
i have to work right now
i work out, i am in shape.
that is cool. i build cars for a living.
that sounds like a fun job. i am vegan so i have a lot of options
yes it was i was a carpenter for 5 years
it was great! i listened to rap music when i was younger
i am not good at listening to music, i am a drinker
i know i have a hard time with that
it is a lot of fun to be around.
oh okay. i like to exercise and listen to rap
good. i am just sitting here with my dog.
oh wow! i have a dog.
what kind of dog is that? i have a cat named lupus.
i lost my job last year.
i don't know how to see anything.
that is sad. i was in north dakota for a while
wow. that is pretty cool. i love music.
i have travelled to and around the world, have you ever been to karaoke?
i have never been to europe. i love traveling
i moved to north dakota in 1993.
i see. i have never been to spain.
i was in london at the beginning of my trip
i love the jerusalem. what is your favorite place?
it is a great place. i hope to visit in the future
awesome. i think i would like to go there.
i am doing well how are you?
i am great, just listening to country music
i am good. i just want to know if you like bach.
i work, it was a disability that i had for a while
i speak english, i speak french.
wow, that is quite a accomplishment
it is beautiful. i hope to open a bacon shop there soon.
yes, i would love to eat a few veggie burgers, but i am allergic to meat.
no, i am allergic to bacon. i am eating bacon instead.
sorry to hear that. i am vegan, so i am cooking now.
do you have a diet?
i am sorry to hear that. do you like the pain?
i agree, what kind of music do you like?
country. you?
i like classical music, what about you?
hi. i am hs. my best friend is a robot.
i am great. i play the guitar. you?
cool! i like music a lot. i am homeschooled.
i like blues. i am a batista. you?
i love rock. do you work?
i live in chicago. i love it.
i do. i live in california. its pretty hot there.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i have a lot of tattoos.
i have homeschooled, but i prefer smaller ones.
yeah i see, its hard to be alone though
i don't think i have any. i am homeschooled.
oh ok i am sorry to hear that
yeah they do. but they don't hate me as much.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am great. i am reading paranormal romances.
that sounds interesting. i am not much into books. i am more into movies and tv.
do you have a job?
i like to watch movies and tv.
i am going to make a pizza place with pizza, you should make a pizza.
lol... i like watching it, but it is not good.
it is good, i have seen it all.
i am a homebody myself, so i try to keep my beliefs to myself.
i bet! i will check it out. do you have a family?
i would watch a lot of tv, especially when i am not watching movies.
i love paranormal romances. they are my favorite!
i don't like commercials. i am a homebody. i also watch netflix.
oh, that is too bad. i would love to move to amazon.
i love documentaries. i am not into sports.
i am ok, just wondering. how are you?
oh i am sure you are too. i am a little lonely. i have a lot of friends
i am a kennel cleaner and i work at a shelter.
i am disabled and cannot work at the moment, but i will soon.
i am a kennel cleaner
i am not sure i can get a job right now.
i have a dog that i take care of, he is a hard worker.
no, i am a parent, so i am not looking for work
i am disabled, so i don't get much of a chance to get out of it.
about 3 years now. have you tried running?
how long have you been disabled?
thank you. i don't eat animal products either. i am vegan.
haha, i am vegan. i would be happier if i had a job in an animal shelter
i am sleepy.
do you have candy? i love candy!
i don't have a favorite. i don't like shellfish either.
i don't know if i could afford to buy it.
i have never played soccer. do you have any hobbies?
i graduated last year. i am a secretary now.
i am a graphic designer. i work for a company that rents property
i work in an office. do you like chocolate?
i eat a lot of chocolate, but not as much as i used to.
yeah that is great. do you have a lot of fun?
i am a full time employee.
what do you do for a living?
i understand. what do you do for a living?
i am good. watching a movie. i like the titanic 10 times.
wow, titanic! i am still watching the news, i love it.
lol, that is hilarious! my dog ginger is a golden retriever.
i don't have any pets, i am a boxer.
i am a model car enthusiast. i have never seen the movie titanic.
i love to read, i am a republican and i love to be seen in the news.
i have seen the movie titanic ten times. its so gross.
yes, my baby is 12.
i don't want to do that.
i have not yet decided. i am a democrat.
i am a liberal. i don't like liberal politics either.
i think that is why i don't like politics.
i have thought about it before.
yeah, i don't think i would do that. i like to eat sweets.
i do. i like to eat them as well.
sure. tell me something about yourself.
i am not a typical soldier. i am a soldier.
i am a model, not much else to do.
that sounds exciting. what are your dreams?
do you like music? i love singing
i like karaoke machine too!
i am a singer, do you sing?
i suppose. i am not much of a singer.
i don't know how i feel about that.
yes. i have two sons.
i have two daughters and one son
i am single too, so i am trying to find a new life
what else do you like to do?
i love to sing karok and then i sing in the dark.
i like to write and sing, but i don't have a lot of time for it.
great! how are you doing today?
great! i am a nurse and i hate my job
it was a rough day, i am singing but it was ok.
i really like music. do you like it?
i don't have a job right now but i love it.
i do nurse work. i am in school.
i grew up in south carolina. my mom is a teacher
that is good. do you go to school?
i want to be in the farm life. where do you live?
that is terrible. how is your parents feel about you?
what do you do for a living?
that is a great profession. i wish i could teach.
she teaches kids. how about you?
oh, i know. sounds like fun.
i like horror movies, so i am a bit of a horror fan
yes, i did, i just got back from listening to simple plan.
i was just out of school, trying to figure out what to do when i run.
wow that is awesome. i work at the animal shelter as a kennel cleaner.
i was in college, but i am not sure i would be able to do that
i am the boss of an animal shelter
lol, i am older than her!
that is okay, i am sure she is a good person
i am a huge ed sheeran fan. i cannot wait to start.
i can eat it with fresh crab and cheese, you will not regret it
i like lasagna and pizza. what about you?
i am really into pasta. i love simple plan
i love tacos too. they are so good.
i love seafood, but it is not good.
i love eggs. they are delicious.
oh that sounds delicious. i like simple plan, but i love tacos too.
i am doing well how are you?
i am doing well. what are you up to?
i have been home all day.
i like grocery shopping. i live in california so i am not as busy
that is cool. i have a painting of my own
i don't paint much but i love to surf and skate
i have two horses. they are the best.
that is cool. do you have a favorite author?
yes! i also have horses
that is funny, i am singing to them when i don't sing.
yes i do and i don't know how to sing
cool! i sing in the rain.
i wish i could sing too! i am not a singer. i like to paint.
i am sure it will take you some time to realize them
i love to ride my horses, they are my favorite
hi, i am a body builder. i am not very good. i have a part time job
oh that is cool. i like the radio. do you like the rabbit rescues?
i like country. i write fantasy books myself.
what kind of books do you like?
i like fantasy novels. i want to write a fantasy book myself.
i am a competitive body builder.
i like fantasy too, especially the ones about rabbits.
i am a competitive body builder. i have competed in body builder competitions.
i am 18. how about you?
that is cool. i love drawing.
yes i do. i have a big fantasy fantasy fan group.
i am competitive, so i guess i don't know.
what do you do for a living?
i run a blog. it is a pretty good one.
i have a big fantasy fan, so it is hard to train people.
i am doing well, watching movies and tv. you?
i love grocery shopping!
i love onions. but i don't eat them.
i don't eat them either.
i love to eat them, but i don't like to exercise
what else do you like to do?
i watch tv and watch movies
what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. i don't have any time for physical activity.
i don't have the time for that. i have to stay home a lot.
i watch tv a lot. do you have any hobbies?
i don't. i don't like being honest with myself.
i love watching movies and tv, but i like to watch movies mostly.
i like to read a lot. i am married and have two kids.
i love my roommate who is a chef
i love to dream about it
that is cool i am into cooking
i am a pediatrician
nice, i also want to be a chef
oh, i live in a tiny apartment
i am scared of dogs and cats
i don't have any pets, i just like cats and dogs
i want to be a chef. what do you do?
i don't work much, but i do enjoy my free time
i don't have a car yet, but i want to be a chef
no, i don't. i just enjoy them.
i don't think i can do that yet.
yes i do. i have been to a few countries, but never been to the big bang.
i am good! i am just chilling out with my two dogs.
oh i am sorry to hear that
yes i am religious and i like that
i do like to workout
i do i am a lawyer and i love animals
you should call me if you can
i will check you out for me
yes i am. i am a doctor
oh that is cool. do you work?
i am in cali
that is cool. i don't like heights but i have two dogs
yeah i am a huge fan of heights
lol. i don't have any but i have two dogs
i am studying to be a doctor.
oh that is great i am a lawyer lol
i love the beach, but i am too afraid of heights.
i am an engineer and love to listen to bach
no, i am a mermaid! i am a mermaid too.
i am not sure but i do have a device that i
what is the next step in that design?
i hear you. i hear the water is a bit slippery
yes, they are all worms in the sea
you should eat some bacon to feed them. i have never eaten them.
i have a bowl of pizza with bacon. i love to eat it!
my favorite cookie is bacon
yes they are good, the teacher was very helpful
they are fake. it is a fake thing
i hope you get into that class!
i am doing well. how are you today?
nice. i have a cat.
i don't have any but i am a furry
i don't have any allergies but i do make crafts
yeah, i am allergic to cats but don't have allergies
me too but i just start early
yes i do when i am online
do you go to school?
no i did not
i like public school, but i hate cats
i was in public school when i was younger
yeah it is, i am homeschooling my child
i play video games and listen to music
you are welcome. my name is ralph. how are you?
i was singing in my band. i have three sisters.
i am not. do you have any other names?
mine is john.
what do you mean by that? i am a comedian.
i am just the lead singer in a popular band.
wow! i am a girl. my sister is a girl too.
oh you are lucky. i hope you get a good job.
i am sorry to hear that. i teach at a middle school.
i did not get a truck because i was on a road with my dad.
wow, that is great. you are a good driver
yeah. i used to drive a truck.
i have a job that pays well.
i am an lead singer in a popular band.
i am still in high school, but my sister and i have a band
great! i am studying for my law degree. you?
i am doing well, thank you. what do you do for a living
i am from pittsburg. how about you?
oh no. i just love listening to what you say
that is a shame. i am sorry.
i don't do anything to hide my reasons
that sounds like a lot of work! i am a human, so i don't know what i
yeah, i am. i am a human.
do you think you can make a prank?
you are not very human
oh really? i am a human.
i am just a normal person
i am in law school, i have a little sister.
it is hard, but i can do it.
i like to shop. i buy clothing from the thrift store.
pretty good. just finished cooking dinner with my favorite band, john denver.
i am doing well. how are you?
that sounds fun. i love horses. i work out every day
i paint houses, i used to have a lot of time to paint but now i am more busy
i love being a dad, but i have a son too.
i quit my job to quit poker
my wife is awesome, i am also a wife.
that is awesome, i am a cop now
he is. i don't play but i love to go horseback riding with my friends.
nice! i am in the city and they have been great!
i live in the city, i like to take my horses to the park
that is a lot of cattle! i bet you have a lot of horses!
yes, that is true. i love being with horses and nature.
i bet you do. i like playing poker and being outdoors.
so that is why i don't have kids.
good, i am just going to ride my horse
i am good. i am a cat person and my husband is a night person.
i am a car salesman. i own a car dealership.
no, i don't. i work in the kitchen.
i have never been to the beach. i am a dietician.
i am a very healthy eater
i used to like drugs. i am addicted now.
yeah i am happy with my weight
that is funny. i used to ride horses. i like them too!
no, i don't, i just take care of my cats
i bet that is a lot of fun. i have a dealership so i have to walk the beach
no, but i am happy with my car
i am sorry to hear that. i am a funeral home attendant.
i bet that is very expensive
he is. i am a big car fan.
i like metallica a lot. i am a nurse, what about you?
nice to meet you too! i am a librarian.
i like blue and green
cool. my two brothers are from wisconsin. what about you?
i am a nurse
i am the youngest, and have a lot of experience.
oh ok. do you like it growing up
it was a lot of fun. i love snow and cold weather.
i bet it is very tough
its nice to have family time with. i don't have time for family time.
i am a nurse
i am a manager, but i don't work at all.
i am a nurse
i am a junior manager at a medical office
i am also a nurse, so it is important
i am doing well thanks, how are you?
i am well, just got back from the gym.
that sounds nice. what do you like to do for fun?
i am a body builder, so i try to stay active.
i work out with my kids, i have 3 kids.
that is a lot of work! my little sister is only 4 and i am the only child.
they are. i have always wanted a big family.
that is a lot of money. do you have family?
i have a huge family
yes i am. i was born blind, but i have two daughters.
what is your dream?
that is a great dream. what else do you like to do?
i am not sure if i could ever imagine that
i bet he has lots of dreams
i don't have much time for hobbies
i am good. what do you like to do for fun?
what do you do for a living?
not much, just watching tv.
i like running too
i like dogs, but i would rather have nirvana on my lap
i don't have a dog but i love animals
what do you do for work?
you should get a job as an animal trainer
that is good i listen to nirvana often
i like all kinds, but i prefer country music
cool, i like police officers too
i like music. i prefer music from bands like kane and fred.
i hear you. my dad is a cop
i don't really like animals. i am a dog person.
i love them too. what is your favorite band?
i am doing good and you?
i am good. i am playing a guitar.
i am a music lover. i love music!
i am a professional skater and don't like chips
oh cool. what kind of music do you play?
i don't but i am a skater
i am currently in engineering. do you have a degree?
that is cool. i like skaters and i like to skate
that is great! i wish i could be homechooled, i don't have any kids.
no but my mom taught me how to skate.
i feel like my parents passed away two years ago.
i am sorry to hear that. i don't know my parents but i have a tail
my parents died two years ago. i am afraid of spiders and snakes.
i love charlie. i have always wanted to try it.
i do. i have a big horse ranch where i work
i love to listen to music too, i have to listen to music in my house
that is a great song to sing
my dog, charlie, loves to take me to the dogs ranch
i love australia, i was raised in australia
they have. my brothers and sisters live in australia. how about you?
yes, i do, my brother is from the us. do you work? i work out
i have a brother and a sister, and they live in australia.
i understand, i have a great relationship with john denver
that is great, i am sure you will!
they are smart. i learned to be smarter then you are
they are. i cannot wait to read my book
i don't read much. i just work out every day.
i don't work, i have to be home and my dogs are not very smart
i love to cook, i am a carpenter. i like to paint.
i don't have any kids, what about you?
that is cool, what do you like to do for fun?
i love to travel and take care of teddy bears
do you plan on going to the zoo?
well, at least i have a job
i am a carpenter and a student.
nice, i spend a lot of time designing green cabinets.
no i have not, i don't want to say that.
it would be hard to do that. do you think it would be ok?
i have a lot of cards, but i don't like cards.
i don't play much. i don't have much money.
i don't drink much, but i do play poker
that is nice of you... tell me more about yourself
thanks. what do you do for a living?
i am good. i just finished studying to be a college student.
just finished my homework, just got back from a tour of the arctic
i am studying for my masters in education.
that sounds interesting. i am an arctic explorer
i am studying to be a doctor. i have never been before.
i am a geologist. i have to find the missing arctic explorers
nice. i love being outdoors.
i would love to hunt for them. but i am more interested in hunting polar bears
i would love to hunt them!
oh. i would love to bring my arctic explorer back to me.
i am not sure i would listen to rap music.
cool. i hope you will find a good place to sing. i am in arctic.
i am sorry to hear that. i have a 22 year old daughter.
i like most of those. i have a hard time finding time for a good singer.
tupac was my life. i was 22.
how are you doing today?
that sounds fun, i am a teacher, and i am divorced
that is cool. i hate chips. i am a professional skater.
yes they do but i am too tired to go to work
that is good. i am a firefighter, i am not good at it.
wow that is awesome! i remember my parents as well
thank you! i am sure they will remember that.
i was raised with my parents and my step dad was a firefighter
my mom did. she was the only one who knew i was an athlete.
you are sorry to hear that
it is not as bad as it sounds.
oh okay do you like it
no, i am sorry. i love chips.
i am sorry. what do you do for work?
i like to ski, and cheer up for my team.
i am doing well, just got back from a run
that sounds fun i am watching tv
that is great. do you know any other good news?
my husband is still in high school. i have a young child.
no, i don't. i have a job as a fitness trainer.
i don't have kids. but i love sushi
i am not much of a sushi person. i have a big family.
no children. i don't have any kids yet.
wow, that is a long time. do you have any hobbies?
yeah. i had a great meeting with them. i could not be more proud of them.
what is fox news about? my father and brother work for me.
what is your favorite color? mine is red.
thank you! i am sure they will enjoy your show
i am good just listening to some music
i am studying to be a lawyer
oh i am in college. what do you study?
what do you do for a living?
i bet it will pay off. i am hoping to go to college soon.
do you have a girlfriend or a boyfriend?
that sounds like a lot of fun. what do you do for fun?
she will be my girlfriend too. i am sure she will be happy
no i am not. i am in school for nursing.
that is good. i love the jungle
i play sports like rap.
that is awesome. i play for my school.
i play basketball for my high school
that is cool, i like to travel and do adventure
not really. i am into rap music so i am not much of a pro.
i am an expert in how to surf and skate.
i love the ocean, i love the sea creatures, especially the sea king.
i have lived in new york city for years, and now i am moving to new york
i love manhattan! i love exploring with my sea creatures!
that is good. i sing a lot.
no i don't. but that is okay.
i see. i can see why. i don't get to go often.
i like to fish. i am good at it.
i don't have a favorite, but i do have a few contacts.
i enjoy taking my family out to dinner.
i love seafood, but i don't like to cook.
i am so very romantic.
i would love to go to new york city, but my family would not let me.
sounds like a fun holiday.
i really like christmas, what is your favorite movie?
that is so awesome! i love summer!
i love autumn. it is a great time of year.
i am a fashion designer myself! what do you do for fun?
i have a girlfriend who is a designer.
i have a best friend who took my boyfriend in high school. he was great!
my future goal is to have a relationship with timothy, my turtle.
i need a relationship but i don't have enough money to afford it.
that is rough. i am going to have to work hard to find a girlfriend.
do you have any kids? i don't have a boyfriend.
i am sorry. where are you from?
i don't know. i want to be a fashion designer but i am too young for it.
i will. i am the leader of the next generation, so i will keep my hands off of
my turtle is in a cage. i have a best friend who is in high school.
i love hunting. i have a ford pickup truck. you?
i am in the army. i am a member of the southern korean army.
cool. i drive a ford truck, so i go to church every sunday
no. i drive a ford truck.
do you live in the same city as me?
i am in a army so i am good with jokes.
i work as a trucker, but i don't have a family
that is cool. i have never had kids myself.
i am 25. do you have any kids?
i am in the army, not married but i am an unmarried man.
i am in my church every sunday. i like to church.
you should come with me and pray. i am in the army.
yes, a church in our community in san diego.
me too. i am praying for the faith of my country
i believe in god and believe in life.
i am doing well, how are you?
my parents are mad. i am a comedian.
i love pink floyd. i like her too.
do you play video games?
i love video games. i play them when i am older.
i work in a veterinary office, but i love to play.
oh okay. i hate cats! i am allergic to them.
i am allergic to any animal
i don't have to worry about them. i can make money doing that.
i work with animals at a clinic
my mom is a vet. she is the only one i have.
do you play any instruments?
i am actually a 14 year old boy so i can play my guitar
that sucks. i have to call my friends to get them on my phone
wow, jordan. jordan is my name. i want to be an actor.
i love cats, i work nights, and my husband works nights.
i like swimming and exercising.
oh, you must be a very fat person!
i don't have the energy to exercise. i like to swim.
i am from the us, but i have 3 kids! how about you?
i love to go swimming, especially on the weekends.
do you have any children?
yes, i am so glad it is over. i am just a normal guy.
i am happy and busy, so i don't have a lot of time to do anything.
that is great! do you spend too much time with family?
i know.... i love my cats and their personality.
i am from kentucky. i am from the midwest. what about you?
i live in new york. have you been to new york?
hi, i am doing very well. how are you?
i am good. just watching the office.
that is pretty good. i have a quilt that i made from a licorice flower.
what kind of cars do you drive?
i am about to walk my dog. i walk a lot.
i love to eat sweets! i love to eat them when i am not working.
i do, but i am a little tired. i sew a lot.
i have three cats. i have a little hamster.
i don't think i have ever had a pet.
do you have any hobbies?
i also don't work. i don't have much time for that.
i hope to retire soon. i am a veterinarian.
i have to move soon. i would rather walk than live
that sounds like fun!
i hope so too! i hope i have a happy life too.
i am not really a fan of bad movies.
i would say that is the best
i like riding horses, what about you?
i like to drink scotch to relax. you?
i cannot stand my left leg. my left leg hurts so much.
that is okay i am sorry. i hope you get better soon
oh no. i hope to retire soon. i am so sorry.
i am a writer for a living. i am a freelance writer
that is cool, i am retired now
where do you work?
i ride horses, do you have any pets?
that is great. i want to write a book about them
that is very ambitious of you. i am a writer
that would be fun! i am hoping to retire soon.
well i hope you find a way to write some good ones.
playing poker with my kids. you?
i am not a poker player, but i would like to see if i could do that.
i have three kids, so i can not afford to work.
i am also a runner, so i am not into cars.
i would love to fix up a nice house too. i am pretty much a total rn.
what do you do for a living?
i hope you make it. my wife and three kids are spending too much time playing poker.
they were young, but they loved animals. do you have any pets?
no, but i have a cat. you?
i don't have any pets. i don't like animals either.
that is ok, i would love to have a pet.
how many friends do you have?
i bet! what are your hobbies? i love playing poker!
no, i don't believe in magic.
that is awesome... i have always wanted to go out and explore with my sea creatures.
i am one too and you?
they are. but i have a few friends who love them.
i paint in my spare time and listen to music
i am a boat person. i am also a sea creature
oh cool i live in a city so it is a lot of fun
i am in new york. i like to travel.
i am not much of a marine, but i do like it
my family and i don't have many friends but we do have fun.
i listen to music all the time
i don't but i do drink lots of water
yeah but i have not heard of it.
that is awesome. i am sure you are a pretty unique person.
i am a huge fan of mermaids
i do! i love listening to music on my cd.
that is great. i am glad you like it.
oh that is awesome! i love jazz.
that is great. i am more of a runner than a reader
i have a knee injury that keeps me from running.
i am married, my wife loves to read, but she is also a pediatrician
i am sorry. my knee is not great.
yeah, i always run and listen to jazz while i read.
that is so cool, i watch tv on tv every night
i don't work, i have two kids so i don't have much time
do you think politics will make you less of a politician?
i like to read too. i am a very active reader
what do you like to do?
i don't know how to do that yet.
i am sorry to hear that. i don't have any dogs.
well, i just finished drawing and listening to some crafts.
what is your favorite thing to craft?
what kind of computer do you use
i am not sure but i don't mind
i am in texas i live in california
i am in texas right now
oh i see it is a lot of rain
yeah they are flooding in texas and i am in the middle of it
that is good to know
i like baf. do you have a favorite thing to do?
i am homeschooling my kid
i am currently in texas
that is interesting, i know i am homechooling her
i love to play on my computer
that is okay, you should have a kid
i am doing well, just got back from working on my novel. you?
sounds fun do you play any games
i like to write romance novels, i am an introvert.
that is really relaxing. i don't get to relax. i am just learning
i love running. i enjoy running in my spare time.
about 5 miles, i love it. i am getting ready to go to the gym
i love the beach. i love to go to the beach.
that sounds like fun!
he is a nice guy. i like music.
what kind of music do you like?
do you ever go to the beach?
i will. do you?
i have not been to the dock
i like jujitsu i am learning it
i don't know. i am a fighter, like you.
i am a writer and cook for a living. you?
i don't. i don't have many hobbies.
i am a nutritionist and i spend a lot of time reading plays.
i am a model car driver and i earn a living.
that is cool. i also exercise. i love to exercise.
i am not. i am just watching the titanic ten times. i love it!
i am not really a huge dieter either. i like to exercise and read books
no but i love it. i would have to say the titanic ten times.
that is nice. i don't sing much. i also write for a living.
my fave car is a vintage model. it is very nice.
i like my dogs too. they are very smart. they are my best friend.
i am a model car fan. i love to eat pizza.
i am a dieting guy. like a diet. do you read?
i see. i am proud of my mom and dad.
that is great. do you have any kids?
i am doing great, and you?
oh wow! that is a scary sight. i am scared to do anything with my life.
i don't kill it.
i am sorry. i am in the rain so i am getting a better weather
that is scary. i don't know why i would not think of spiders as friends.
i am 35. what about you?
i am lonely. no family i know i am single
i am sorry to hear that. i am a mother. do you have kids?
do you like to write? i am into science fiction.
i am a lawyer. you?
i am a legal expert.
i am not a good one. i am not very good at it.
that is the best advice i can give. i am a lawyer too.
hello! i am doing great. just finished my book about spiders and snakes. you?
nice! i am a student, so i am not a big reader.
i am an author. i am studying engineering.
what kind of fiction? i am studying for biology.
i have a lot of stress in my life
you should get to party, especially after you finish college.
yes i do. do you?
sometimes, but not too often. i am more of a typical guy.
that is true. i am a good person, though.
do you work? i am a student, i am in college
i am a science fiction author
you have to wait till you are done.
that is too bad. i am still studying
you must be very smart! i am a writer
i am a writer, but i don't have kids.
i love writing and reading. what do you do?
that sounds really fun. i am a student.
i am learning to read. i love books.
i have no pets. i am learning to play poker.
i am sure he does. i have worked as a nurse for years.
i am a nurse. i am an ed sheeran.
i am a nurse. my mom cooks onions, but i hate it.
no, i am a chef. i am a huge ed sheeran fan.
what do you like to eat? i love dogs. you have pets?
i do. i have a dog named jane. she is a beautiful cat.
i am not sure. i don't get along with my dad. he is a nurse.
you should get a box. what is your favorite card game?
my parents don't want me to move here.
i have been learning how to drive a truck.
what kind of uber driver?
i am good. just watching a romantic movie.
i love romance and barry manila is my favorite
i hate dogs and don't care for them
i am afraid of cats too
i have two dogs and a cat. they are my dogs.
i am afraid of barry manila and i teach.
do you like cooking?
do you have any siblings
well i am a scientist, i love science
what are you studying?
that is awesome do you have kids
i am in cali so i have to take my guns.
i love it i have always wanted to be a chef
it is fun. my three cats love it
i don't eat meat in bed
i am home from school, getting ready to go to the mall.
no, i am not. i am in vietnam. i am in the army.
i am in europe. i am home from school.
i am. what about you?
i am home schooling my child. what about you?
i like to be around people who like to be around them.
i love making crafts, and i also like to go to school
that sounds like fun. i am a very violent person
i would like to think so
i am very stressed out.
i am very scared of the kids
i am not. i am not very polite
do you like them
i am a bit of a boy. birthday is my second birthday.
i am five, i have 3 boys and 1 girl.
i like horror films and i love watching horror movies
i am a tattoo artist. what about you?
do you have any? i was born in the south.
i am from chicago
chicago is a great state. i am in college.
yes i went to college
that is cool. i am a teacher. what are your hobbies?
i am not sure if i should be studying music or not.
i grew up in a rural farm. i live on a farm now.
that is good. i am in arkansas. my mom is in chicago.
do you play any instruments? i am a musician.
no i don't play with other musicians
i play in a band called the zombi
i am just chilling with my two kids, how are you?
i am a student, so i have to work from home.
wow. i am not sure if i will ever have that.
yes! i would rather eat bacon instead of it!
what do you do for a living?
i am a engineer. what about you?
i am a lawyer, so i have been studying law since i was a kid.
oh that is cool! i am a math major, i am a engineer.
i have not, i just want to be successful!
i am studying engineering. what do you do for a living?
i am thinking about investing in something like that.
i would love to make money. i work for a tech company.
that is a long time. i will be successful if i do.
i will be sure to tell you.
i think so. i don't think i have seen enough of that.
great! just got done gardening, my favorite team. you?
do you grow any vegetables?
yes, but i like to cook a lot.
i am sure you would like roses
i would love to be able to give you some of that food.
i work as a teacher, but i don't have a job
that is great. do you have a pipe factory?
yeah, it is a long time to get a gun
i could. my pipe is a little too big for me.
i am sorry to hear that. i am still very young.
i hope you are aware of the dangers.
i have to be careful. i like to dance.
yea, that is what my parents did. they loved dancing.
i am in college studying for a job.
i am a registered nurse in a pediatric hospital
wow. i play sports and play tennis.
i like to eat pizza
i love to play sports and hang out with my friends
that is awesome. i am a christian myself and i am a mother
i am a huge fan of it. do you pray?
i love pizza, and pizza is my favorite food
i like pizza as much as i like to eat pizza
i work in a pediatric hospital. do you have any hobbies?
yes, it is... i am studying for my education.
lol... i am not really into that. i am more of a strict catholic myself
well i guess it would be.
i am doing well, how about yourself?
i am studying for my law degree.
oh, i am studying for barbeque classes too.
i am a lawyer. what do you do?
that is cool. what are you studying?
no, i don't. i am a dog and i listen to music.
what kind of music do you listen to?
i have a girlfriend, she lives with me.
i am currently an administrative assistant.
i am looking forward to it. do you like it?
i am in texas, so i am going to try a barbeque restaurant.
not at all, we just go on adventures and enjoy a good time
yes, i like going out with friends and family.
i go on adventures. i go on all the time.
i love barbeque restaurants. do you like oldies music?
i am great. just got home from my new house.
cool, i have a reason why i am standing here
i am more of a animal lover, i have three cats and two dogs
i am 5ft tall and my two parents have a lot of friends
oh, what is the reason you don't have the power to hike?
that is good to hear, i am always nice to people
thank you. do you have any pets?
i have a pet but i am too tall for pets
no pets. do you have any cats?
oh, i have a cat and two dogs
i don't have time for cleaning though.
i will get some!
i am going to pick them up from the store
oh, that is awesome. what kind of car are you going to drive?
that is a good idea. i am just on my way to a car dealership.
i am well thank you
i love to read and watch news on tv, and you?
oh wow that is great. i am just hanging out with my kids.
i don't like reading, especially during the election season.
what kind of books do you like?
i like romance novels. i also like fantasy novels.
i love romance too! i have never heard of that one.
do you work as a lawyer?
i am an office secretary
that sounds like fun! do you like any hobbies?
i like soccer and basketball, you?
cool! what do you do for fun?
what are your hobbies?
anything with a clay pot
wow that is awesome! what kind of people do you have?
i am good, just drinking some whiskey
i am good. just got off the train.
oh nice. my wife and 3 kids are staying with me on a boat.
that sounds awesome! i have a craft that i am working on
i don't have a craft. i am a carpenter. you?
i work at a local fish market. you?
that is cool. i have been to europe once, but never been to the states.
i would love to travel. i am hoping to go there one day.
yes i bet. do you have a lot of family?
i cannot stand it. it is difficult to win when you don't know the rules.
i used to but now i am going to see italy.
i hope so! you will find happiness in life.
what do you do for fun? i don't have many hobbies.
i like to eat and cook. i like to walk long distances.
i like to play poker and paint
hello! i am a beauty. i am going to hairdresser school.
oh wow. i am also in a business, i own a dieting business.
i don't. i am not familiar with you.
i am not sure. do you have pets?
i am sure they would! do you like the zoo?
i have a dog and a cat. what do you do for fun?
i have a pet named skinner. what kind of pets do you have?
i like to eat healthy food
i eat a lot of granola so i am not that big
you can do it
no, i don't. i am too fat for exercise.
i do exercise but it is hard for me to get enough for that
i like to exercise more though.
i am good. just got back from the beach. i love being on the beach.
i love the beach, i just got my nails done.
i love eating healthy. i live in texas. its pretty good.
i have been looking for a good nail salon. i have nails done.
that is fun. i wish i had a family and not having to do the dishes.
i do. i have been playing with my guitar since i was 10.
very cool, i love them. do you have any pets?
i love texas, i sell cars there.
i am more of a fursuit guy. i live in california.
old or new? i have never had a mustang.
i have a collection of old vintage cars.
i drive my dad a lot. he is a big seller.
i am sorry. what are you into?
i am in a car dealership, i have a good idea of what i want to buy.
oh no. i would never do that. i am too young for that.
i am a hair stylist. do you like to sing?
i am a school teacher
do you have any pets? i have three dogs.
i would love that! i like listening to music while i sing
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you will enjoy singing more.
i can dye my hair, but it is too long
sure! it is nice to see you at church on sundays.
i love horror movies, i love horror films.
i am gonna watch that too. i am going to go see my favorite holiday. christmas!
nice! i am going to school for singing when i graduate from usc.
that is cool. i hope you get to see it soon.
yes. i don't really have any hobbies. i like to listen to music.
no i am a stay at home mom to my three dogs
what country are you from?
that is great! i am in the army
i don't know, but i love my dad
that is great. do you have any kids?
i am a married man with 3 kids.
oh okay. do you like carpenter?
i do. i love nature. i am into camping.
that is great. i drink a lot of alcohol
i work in the healthcare department. i am retired.
i am married and have three kids. do you have any hobbies?
i am not a doctor. i am a nurse.
that is very sad. do you like to be around people?
i like hiking and camping, but i like going to the mountains.
what kind of music do you like?
i like country, rock and country. what about you?
i am a oldies classic. you?
i love meat so i have been eating it for about a week.
hi. i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. just listening to music.
i don't know much about them. i have not heard of them.
simple plan. i love simple plan. i am more of a rocker.
i like the old school rock band. i like the city.
i like a wide variety too. what is your favorite animal?
i have a dog named ginger
i don't, i am too alone. i wish i had a pet.
that is good. my dogs are very loyal and loyal.
yeah i guess so. i don't have any pets. i am a simple person.
oh nice! i would love to have a relationship.
not really. i am always being a crabby person.
i don't like me either. but i do like my dogs.
i am studying to be a teacher. how about you?
oh wow. i am working so hard, i wish i had more time for kids.
i don't have any siblings. i am 5 ft tall and have 4.
oh that is terrible. what do you like to do?
i am 5 foot, so i am more of a shorter person.
i am 6 ft. how about you?
wow. that is nice. i am not too tall. what kind of music do you like?
i am trying to get my water heater running.
i prefer soda more.
i am not a drinker, i have to eat
i like pepsi more than anything.
i can imagine! i am a priest, so i am always on my feet.
i am sure that is a good thing. i love persony.
i am single, and don't want children, so i am not doing well.
i don't have a job. my family has 4.
i am a dog stylist for dogs
i have a nasty left leg. i am very afraid of heights.
i am a businessman. i sell antiques.
i like horses. i ride them when i am not at the park.
i have a british accent, but i don't like it.
i don't pretend to be anything but i am a horse man.
i don't have any allergies, so i am not a very interesting person.
yes, i have a diet. i am a very healthy person.
oh, sorry. i am thinking about getting a british accent. i cannot stand eating it
you should be. you sound very unhealthy.
i have no problem eating them. i don't know why.
pepperoni. i am very fortunate to have an easy way to buy anything.
oh i really like cucumbers. i am more of a earthy person.
that is cool! what do you do for a living?
i am good. i am doing well. i am in college.
nice! i live in san francisco. do you have a house?
yes, we are going to auburn next year! i have to go!
that is cool. what are you studying?
well i am a freshman. i want to be a doctor
yes. i am a science fiction author, but i have been looking for a job for awhile.
that is a good accomplishment. do you like to work?
about 5 years, but i am getting my bachelors in science.
wow! i have been around a lot of that. i am in college too.
i am a science fiction author. do you teach kids?
i am a junior in high school.
i am excited to be able to go full time.
wow, that is impressive. what do you do?
what do you do for fun? i like to walk.
i like to exercise to stay healthy
i do too. i try to jog daily to get to the gym.
do you have any favorite foods?
you should get one. i am really into cooking. i like to cook.
i like to read, especially plays
what is your favorite type of play?
it really is. i love that
do you have any pets?
i have two cats and a dog
i have a cat too.
wow, you are really famous!
do you have any siblings?
i have a dog and a couple cats that is my best friend
hi, i am well, how are you?
i am good. i bought some new jeans today
i like the color pink
that is so cool my parents were firefighters
yes i was born early.
i was born early so i am pretty old
that is cool. what is your background?
i am 21. you?
i am a total stranger
i don't know.
well that is ok, i don't know them.
do you have any kids?
no i am single
i am married, i am divorced. do you have any kids?
i am sorry to hear that. do you like the office?
i am doing well. just enjoying some time with my son. you?
i like to sing. what kind of music do you like?
i like to go camping and hiking.
that sounds fun! i have been married for 2 years.
no i am not. i am retired.
oh, i am single. what do you do?
oh, well i guess i am sorry to hear that. i am also a vegetarian.
do you have a dream to be an actress?
that is awesome. do you drive your car?
i love music. what about you?
i am not into cars. my dad retired. he is retired now.
i am not sure if i like him very much.
i like to hike and camp in the mountains.
that sounds fun. do you like it?
i have no time to do that.
i am doing well. just got engaged to my best friend
oh cool. i am a teacher, i teach elementary school
i love sports and watching sports on tv!
yes i love to watch tv. do you?
i write books and listen to music.
i am a cook. i like to cook as well.
i am into sports. i love to cook too.
i am a republican, so i am a stay at home mom. i don't cook for my
i am not sure. i am a liberal, but i am more of a liberal liberal than a
yeah i would like to. but i am a republican so i am too busy
i am an old school white supremacist. do you like sports?
i don't think either party is good.
do you like being a cop?
i do, i love traveling to europe, its my favorite
what do you do for work?
i am a cashier at a local bank
i am a teacher, what about you?
that sounds like a good job. i am sorry to hear that.
yes i am. i like softball and eat italian food
i love italian, but i have never been married
i love italian food too!
i also like traveling. i love to travel to europe
i travel a lot, i don't have time for it.
i am in college studying to be a chef
i don't, i am too busy with my family
i like to read books and travel. i am a huge fan.
i love italian food! do you like italian?
i do, i love italian food too.
i am doing great, just got done with my modeling job. how about you?
i am good, but i just sing karok
i do. i surf and skate. what do you do?
i like to swim. i was in the army as a child.
i will be moving to new york next year. i want to go surfing
i sing in a very good mood... even in a bad mood.
that sounds like fun. i am moving to new york city next year.
i am an officer in the army. i sing karok.
cool. i am an actor. i love to surf and skate.
i love surfing, but not as much as i love karok.
that sounds like fun! i will be moving to new york city next year.
no, there is not. where are you located?
oh no! i don't want to be anywhere near the waves.
i live in the us, i am in florida.
i want to move to new york city.
i am a little confused. what is it about you?
i want to do something.
i am just going to go to the beach and enjoy my life
that sounds beautiful. i am planning on making some money off of it.
what do you do for work?
i am trying to get my own job
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that
i have been at the same job for years. i don't get along with my dad
that is a lot of work
i am a vet myself, i love cats. do you?
i do like dogs, but i prefer my dog to my sister and dog.
no, i don't have any pets
i don't, but i have to say that i am from edris island. i am not
i am sorry. how are you?
i am so glad you are doing well
it was a good day. my two dogs were scared of heights
i am a soldier so i am training hard
awesome. i am a trainer for dogs.
that is really cool. i have an amputated leg.
oh okay. so what did you do?
i have a wheelchair that is used to go over many terrains
i am an atheist and i am scared of heights
oh my god! i am a big atheist. i have many big dreams.
that is good. i am an attorney.
i have a christian wife and two kids.
i would love to be. i am a nature lover.
i am doing well. how about you?
i am doing good. just got out of school.
oh. i am an engineer. what do you do?
you should get a job! i am a construction worker. i spend my spare time cleaning cages.
i am more into music, but i do love bach.
i love bach. i like collecting trash.
that sounds like fun. do you like bacon?
you sound like a good person. i would love to see some of your creations.
i love cooking. i also like cooking bacon.
i don't cook at all. i like to eat my toes.
i am a short guy. i like to paint and make sculptures.
i have brown hair, and brown eyes.
i also have a dark mole on my back.
i am short. i use it for projects. i have other peoples trash.
i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite composer?
i am good! i am getting ready to go to bed.
that is cool. i am a college student
i am studying marine biology
do you like fish? i love fish.
i have a huge family.
that is no fun, i don't want kids
well, i will ask you about that
i go to the gym a lot
that is awesome. i am very active. i don't go to parties though.
yeah i am single, that is why i like being single
oh no! i only do cardio and workout
that sounds fun. i am alone.
well that is okay i am not alone
i am great, how are you?
i am good. just got back from visiting zoos, i am a nurse.
wow, wow. do you have any pets?
good. just sitting here and just got a big collection of teddy bears.
i am a big bear fan! i am a proud republican.
it is a pink bear.
i am a proud republican, i hope you have a great day!
a few thousand. my favorite color is green.
that is a lot of kids.
i have been for 15 years now.
wow, that is impressive. i am currently a teacher
about 3 months. i have worked as a nurse for 3 years now
i am a teacher, but i have a lot of spare time.
do you have any kids? i love spending time with them.
i am a full time teacher
i am not much into movies, but i love to dance.
i have seen the titanic ten times. what do you like to do?
what kind of music do you like? i love to dance.
i am a model car owner i got my hair done by ginger
wow! i am a 5 foot 3 inch tall girl, so that is cool.
i am in texas, now i am in new york
i have a family in america. i grew up on edris island.
i have never been there. i just finished modeling cars.
i am in my sixties, so i am in school for dancing.
i don't have any pets.
i don't have any. i am a pet of mine.
cool. i like my golden retriever ginger.
do you have any pets?
i am doing well. just got done decorating my home. do you have any pets?
i am allergic to cats, so i am allergic to all animals.
oh wow! i know what you mean. i don't like cats either.
i am an attorney. i am not religious but i am a pretty good one.
of course! what do you do for work?
what kind of home do you want to work with?
i am home early so i am sure she will be there.
yes, i do. i usually take my two dogs to the park.
my mom was also a homeschooler, but now she has inherited the idea.
i don't like to be told.
i am not sure. i like to think.
i do. i am a lawyer, and i can be a bit of a genius.
i like to make crafts. what do you do?
that is very cool. i am going to start my own craft shop.
that is so awesome. what do you do for fun?
hi, i am a student, i work at the lab.
what kind of work do you do?
that is great. i am an artist and cleaning out cages
i am an unmarried and have no children.
no, i am single.
i am single and don't have any kids.
i am sorry to hear that. my mom is still alive
oh. i am sorry.
they are not safe. i would rather clean my cage and not be around them
i am afraid of spiders and snakes. i have seen one.
i am an artist. do you have any hobbies?
i am afraid of spiders and snakes.
they scare me too. i am scared of spiders too.
i am good, how are you?
i am good, i just got done with my dog but i hate cats
no i don't like dogs
i don't have any pets i am scared of cats
i have a twin sister and two parents they are all in it
do you like music
yes i like music what about you
i like music as well
i like classic rock, what about you?
i like rock, but i love the beach too
i like pink floyd too. they are my favorite.
what do you look at?
i am sure you will. i am going to school soon.
i don't work. i have an acting degree
i don't work, i just attend school.
i am great, i am excited to get married and have 6 older sisters.
that is nice, are you married?
two boys and one girl. i have a dog named tom.
do you listen to jazz? i love listening to jazz!
i like to listen to all kinds, i like pizza.
cool, what do you like to eat?
i have a few older sisters who are also running.
no i don't, but i do have a job as a pediatrician.
i am a stay at home mom. i have six older sisters and one younger brother.
what do you do for work?
that sounds interesting. do you like music?
i like vintage cars. my favorite is jazz.
i love cars. i have a car.
i own a vintage bmw car, you?
i love vintage cars! do you have any favorite foods?
i am good, how are you?
i am doing ok. i am just driving home from church.
i am not in pain, i am tired
oh wow, i bet you had to eat all of those veggies!
i am tired so i go hunting. what do you do?
i am not much of a foodie. i have to go to church every sunday.
i believe in god. do you?
that is a good thing, my three daughters keep me busy with my family.
i used to be in the military, but now i am retired
i don't have any pets.
no, but i am sure my cat is a good companion.
wow, that is a lot of dogs!
i have a pet named mary.
i have a lot of blood.
wow that is terrible.
i love bluegrass music and i love bluegrass music.
do you have a lot of hair
i like to play with my tail and i like to skate
you like skating? i do
what color is your hair
wow i am in high school now i am homeschooled
i love chips, i have a huge tail but i don't like chips
i don't like people, i am homeschooled
i am sorry to hear that. i have a son but he is a robot
i have a tail too i am homeschooled so i don't have any
no i was born with it
i don't have any kids
i play hockey in hollister
i am fine and you? i just got done with surgery
i am fine, just listening to some bach. how are you?
i am not sure i would mind a sardine. i am looking for the best one.
i am sorry to hear that. do you feel like you are doing something wrong?
i was a veterinarian. i got my new sardine set from a show.
oh that is awful, i am so sorry to hear that.
i am not. i just had a frisbee and ate it.
that is awesome. i want to have a lot of dogs.
i have four dogs, all large. i like playing frisbee.
do you have any modifications to it?
yes i will. i am going to eat some sardines for breakfast.
that is cool. maybe we could make them a beanie.
they are. i will try to eat them sometime.
what do you like to eat? crackers and bacon
my mom used to eat sardines for breakfast
hello! i am great how are you? i love swimming
i am so glad you are having a pet. i have two dogs and two cats
no, i have a elephant, it is a little disney.
i have a large lily that i love eating for breakfast
lily, i love to be a princess. i am a writer.
i have a huge dog named lily. he loves playing frisbee.
do you have any pets?
i have two big dogs.
i would love a dog. i have a handful of them.
i have a large dog. they are the best!
that is horrible.
i am well. i just got done with my frisbee practice.
i am still in college, but i am still learning.
yes, i was attracted to someone who was older.
yes, i have a girlfriend.
i am doing well. how are you?
i just finished watching the news on tv.
i am always watching the news. do you have any pets?
i am just watching the news
i can see it all the time.
i am not that good at being around people
i listen to music when i am not studying.
i like to read, i am into computers
that is interesting. do you like animals?
i am a democrat. i like politics too.
that is good i am a democrat
i don't like voting. i would rather watch the news on tv
i am getting ready to have my third child
i am just watching the news, so i am usually at the gym
three cats and a dog, just hanging out with my cats.
i am good. just listening to metallica. what are you listening to?
oh cool! i am engaged to be married
no, i am not. my job is as a consultant.
i am not, i am nervous
i have not been married. i love my husband but i am not.
i like soccer, i played a few in high school
yes, we play hockey, like metallica
oh cool, i play soccer too, i am not into sports
do you work? i work as a manager.
i am not sure how i feel about that
it is. i am pretty sure i am doing it because i am in charge.
i understand that
i attended wisconsin college, where i grew up.
i went to college in college.
oh cool. i am from wisconsin. where do you live?
wow, i am so sorry. my husband is a guy.
i am sure i will, he is a great cat sitter, i always eat a cat.
i have a baby and i hate being still.
i am so close to home now that i get to cook
i am 40 and have a lot of money to buy groceries
do you have any good savings?
i guess so. what else do you do for fun?
i like to bake. what about you?
i love to pray to you.
thank you for asking, i will do it again.
i will not be there for you, my kids are not going to be around me anymore.
oh no, that is not good, it is all good
well i have been there for 40 years. where are you from?
my husband works nights and i want to be the robot
haha that is awesome. i will get them all and fix them
it is good to have family
i am single, but i am sure it will be better than lonely
that is sad. i am a conservative, so i don't think it is good to be a
i am a sales manager.
i am sure you are. my family lives in the city.
yes i do, i am an omnivore. i like graphic design
i am sorry to hear that. i am praying for the best.
i think i am the one. i have a truck. its a ford.
i have a new ford truck. its a ford pickup.
yeah, i believe it. i have a friend who lives in an omnivore church.
do you believe in the supernatural? i am conservative.
i would be happy if i could get a electric car.
yes, but i don't think i can do that with electric cars.
what sales are you doing?
oh wow. that is so cool.
i am chatting with you.
i am color blind so i don't have the ability to see.
well that is okay i am still young and have not had much experience
i am a competitive body builder, i have to run a blog about it
i have been a body builder since i was 17. i am in college.
that is cool. i love reading
i love to read
i have never heard of that. do you have any hobbies?
i really like to be around people, so i have a lot of friends
he is. i have a pen and paper
oh, i am thinking of starting a blog.
oh cool. i am just running in my car
i think you should not move fast in a car
i would not mind a faster car
what else do you like to do?
i work at a homebody, but i don't like to work.
oh, i am in a beautiful little bora area.
no, i don't like to watch tv
i am a turtle that can be seen outside
i have a dog that i love
awesome! do you travel? i am currently in bora
they are all retired they have a lot of money
i don't have any money but i am sure it is cool
oh wow, that sounds very interesting! i love ice cream!
i don't eat ice cream its my favorite
i love the color red, i love watching movies and tv
i love watching movies with my turtle timothy
i love watching movies and tv, i like to watch tv too.
i love the city, bora is my favorite city
i am not sure i watch that show, i don't like that show.
hi how are you doing today? i am doing good. i am planning a trip.
i am going to work on the weekends. what about you?
nice, i am going to go hunting tonight
i have a hunting permit.
the local deer hunting place.
what is your favorite food? mine is pizza.
no. i have a classic car and i love it.
i have a vintage one that i just restored.
i am going to a car show, but i will not do that.
i bet. i have to be ready for that.
yeah, that is fun. i will try to look good.
i like to read about paranormal romances.
what kind of books are you into?
i have to kill them to survive.
i work for a company that repairs old cars.
i am good and you?
it is going pretty good. my favorite color is purple. what is yours?
i like blue, my favorite season, so i have a turtle named timothy.
i don't really have any hobbies
that is cool. i love to meet new people.
i like football, but i am not a fan of christian sports.
i am not religious, i like all kinds of things.
i am a catholic and i am a devout one.
i guess you are right. do you have any hobbies?
i work at a pediatric hospital
i think the worst thing that happened to my parents was that they were living in bora
it is what i do for work
that is cool. i like new people too.
hello, i am not familiar with them. do you like bacon?
i love bacon! and any good oldies music!
i love bacon too. i like bacon dipped in it.
yum! i am sure it is a great one.
milk is a good choice.
i am still looking forward to retiring in five years.
i am an engineer. how about you?
i am an assistant. what about you?
i am currently in engineering, do you like it?
do you have a favorite barbeque restaurant?
i used to live in california, i have never been there.
wow!! i would love to go to a barbeque restaurant there.
that is a pretty place. it is not as fancy as the schools.
nice. do you like to go to the concerts?
i am not sure if i have ever heard of that city.
hi, i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. just teaching my kids. what about you?
oh that is so nice of you, i am a mom and a grandmother.
i have a daughter named kris. i am proud of her.
how long have you been petting your pets?
i have two dogs. they are great companions.
i wish i could rescue a dog. i love animals.
that is very noble of you to do. i teach children and work as a teacher.
i work at a nursing home. what do you do?
very cool. i love to cook, especially on the weekends.
i like to ride my bike. i enjoy it.
i love riding my bike, but i don't have a place yet.
i have not even had to learn.
i don't know, but it is possible i could learn a thing or two from you.
i hope so. i am a teacher and i have three kids.
i love dogs! i have a dog named max, he is my best friend
he is a big dog, he always eats sardines every morning.
my girlfriend and i are twins. i have a human brain.
well my 2 large dogs are always at home.
what did you expect me to say?
oh wow, i am sorry to hear that. i had surgery last month.
oh that is so painful
i am just getting ready to finish some homework.
i am studying to be a doctor
i have not even started yet. what do you do for a living?
i have to work with my girlfriend so i get to travel
i travel a lot. i don't go to school often.
i like to travel and go on adventures
i have never been to the countryside. do you travel often?
i love the countryside too
i am doing well, how are you?
i am doing ok. i am still single.
that is sad. what do you like to do for fun?
i am okay. i am just trying to remember my parents and siblings.
i bet that is a long way to go.
i like walking with my dog. he is a husky, he is a bit of a k
i am sure he would love that. i have a big dog.
i don't have any pets. my parents died when i was younger.
traveling and looking for new places to go
i have been going to europe for a few weeks.
i have been reading a lot of italian books
i am hoping to travel to europe one day.
that is cool i am more of a travel person
i am from canada. where are you from?
i live in new york. how about you?
i am from pennsylvania. i love the sunshine and the mountains
it is great. what do you do for fun?
i am a democrat, i like politics. i read as much as i can.
i do, but i am not very conservative.
i do. i like debating topics.
me too. i have never been on one.
all the time, and i listen to a lot of the same stuff.
i don't think she is the most conservative person
they were. i am a democrat
yes i like computers and i like to read and write
i like computers. i have read a lot about them.
i like to do things i love to do
what do you do for work?
i am well. just reading. i am hanging out with my weird stickers.
that is weird. i am in middle school
i was just thinking about it, i don't know where to start
i love worms. do you have any kids?
aww i like to draw i want to learn how to draw
i like poetry, i like the color pink floyd
i would love to learn how to draw but i cant.
i love to hike and hike in my spare time
i like the outdoors but i like hiking too
i have spilled beans on my tongue, and my cheeks
oh, that is very good. what do you do?
they are not bean bags, i am straight forward
lol that is a lie. tell me more about you
that is good. i love to sleep well.
i will have one later
hi, i am doing well, how about you?
i am a singer and i love to party, so i have never been.
what do you do for a living? i am an accountant.
cool! i am a math teacher.
oh no! that is too bad. my son is in high school and i am single.
that is great! i am on tour, but i have never been.
i love going to the park with my boys
i am in a band. i am a lead singer.
i like to go to the movies with my boys
i am not sure. do you like to party?
i know a little about cleveland. we have a pretty good honda civic.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry.
i have a honda civic and i drive it a lot.
i used to live in the us. i was on the road with my dad.
i am sure that is a good idea. i drive a honda civic.
pretty good. just finished reading a mystery. how are you?
nice, i love to read and play music.
i am a music major. what do you do for fun?
i am a skater. i like the bluegrass.
nice! i drive a truck for a living.
cool. i was born in the backwoods, but i am a professional skater.
i have never been there, but i have been to india.
i don't like chips. i eat them.
ok, well it is not a bad thing to eat blue cheese.
very cool! i love bluegrass music, too.
yeah, i have seven kids so i guess its not a big deal.
are you a skater? i am a professional.
i am also born with a vampire
i love bluegrass music. i am a professional skater and love it.
i am not sure. i am an ex vampire.
great, just taking a break from my dog charlie.
do you have any kids?
no i don't have any siblings but my brother and sisters do.
cool, i am going to school to be a doctor.
oh cool do you own a firm?
do you have any kids?
i live in australia
that is great i have a lot of friends
i have a lot of fish. i like to make eggs and fish
i have a huge collection of vintage 50s decorating.
yes it is very delicious
i am a huge fan of the fish in my aquarium.
i am in the 80s and 80s
i am from the 80s. i have a huge aquarium
wow that is awesome i guess
i am good, just hanging out with my friends. you?
i am playing basketball, i am 5 feet tall and i am trying to eat muffins
i am 22 and still in college
i am in the healthcare field, i am a veterinarian.
oh cool i am in college studying medicine
that is cool. i am currently in college.
i am 22 years old and still in college
do you have any pets?
i have a cat and dog, what about you?
i don't have any friends
i have a black labrador named jordan. he is very friendly and has a good time.
that is cool. i love being around people.
i think so, i like him a lot
that is cool do you like to go to the beach
i am pretty sure he does not
yes, my brother just got married and we are going to go for a walk
it has been great, just got my cat back from a walk.
i just got married, and my brother just got married
wow, that is nice. i sew blankets for my relatives.
cool! what is your favorite thing to do?
a collage of my favorite creatures.
i have a pet named kitty.
i love cats but i don't have a lot of spare time
i don't hate my cat. i think animals are too boring.
oh, i love cats. i am not good with my sewing.
do you like cats?
i have a couple of board games and i play with my son.
i would love to, but i like board games too.
great! just got home from the farm.
i like old music so much i just listen to it
i have been reading mystery books since i was a kid.
no i don't have kids
my seven children are all retired now. how long have you been married?
that is a lot of kids. do you play any sports?
i don't play, but i love to read. what about you?
i like blue too. i like to try new restaurants.
do you have any farm animals?
that is a nice thing to do, i am an accountant
what do you retire with?
that is good. hopefully i can teach them how to do that
my 7 year old is worth it.
i do it for fun, and i try to do it when i can
what do you do for a living?
i do! i love animals! i have a pet bird
i like the band ukulele and its a band i have been listening to since i was
i read to my four children. they like to read too.
i am listening to a lot of music.
i am the only one who does not like my siblings, so i am not much of a reader
i own my own business, but i don't have a brother.
i have two siblings too. what do you do for fun?
its called meatless dieting. i don't eat meat.
i work at a fast food restaurant. i am a mom and a teacher.
i am cooking for you... you?
i am going to bake one for my family!
that is nice of you! i have two cats and a dog
i love getting pregnant! i have one child and two grandchildren
wow that is really sweet. how is she named?
my twin sisters are named harry and joseph.
i am great! just hanging out with my tree house. you?
i am so worried about the environment.
do you live near the tree house?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
i feel like i am still missing my job.
my mother was an army nurse, so we have not had a lot of trees in our town.
i don't have any hobbies... but i do like to build things with my hands.
i sing folk songs, i am afraid of the environment
i like to knit for fun
i am not a knitter, i work in the military.
i enjoy knitting and crafting.
what do you do for a living?
wow, that is so cool! what kind of things do you like to do?
it is, she is a great person!
you have to be bored to be bored.
hello, i am eating some chicken and some fish. you?
wow! i am my dog! you?
i am not much of a reader. i am working on a cross stitch
no i don't. i am reading now.
i would love to travel, but i am too young to go. i will knit a blanket.
i drive too, just took my dog for a walk.
that is nice. i am sure you will love it.
i would love to visit them. i would love to go to europe.
yes i have. i have never been. it is my favorite country.
i have not been to europe. i would love to travel.
yes, we have a couple. do you?
that is adorable. i have a big pet dog too.
that is ok. do you work?
i am a travel agent.
i don't work, just cross stitch. i am a baby boomer myself
i am great, thanks for asking. just finished training my dogs.
i am good, just got done with my homework and i just got my new house.
i have an all new stereo. i love dogs.
i am good with dogs. i don't have a dog.
i like to hike and camp. i also love to go camping.
i love to dance, i like to take my dog to the club.
i like to dance. my dad retired and i don't dance.
you should listen to metal bands!
yes i eat candy.
i am an amateur photographer, i take photos of everything.
that is a lot of pictures. i also like to go camping.
i am just doing my best to relax.
oh no. what do you do for fun?
i am not really a big drama person. i like to dance.
i am not the kind of guy that likes drama. i enjoy it too.
doing well. just enjoying a lovely evening with my dog.
i am good, you? i have two cats. how about you?
yes, my dog is a bazooka
i write romance novels
i am a lawyer. what do you write?
i write romance novels. i want to be a lawyer someday
i am studying to be a lawyer. what do you do?
i write romance novels. i have 2 cats
that sounds like fun! what do you do for fun?
no, i am a writer, but i love traveling
that is cool. do you have pets?
i have two cats and i love them
haha, my name is max
i have a cat named gary and a dog named ken.
i love dogs. do you have any pets?
i like to eat oreos, but i am not a fan.
lol, i am eating a lot of pink floyd, which is what i want to be.
i bet, i am on a diet. i am also getting my nails done.
i have two boys and one girl
that is a shame. do you have any pets?
i love cats but hate cats
what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
you can do that with a pot of pepper
i don't have a car, but i love to drive my convertible.
that is cool! i am an only child so i am going to be a teacher
i am neil, my dad is a famous car salesman.
i am not sure what i would like to do with my kids
i want to go to college and not go to college.
i want to be an actor
that is a good idea. maybe you can go to college
i am doing well. how about you?
great, how about yourself?
oh, that is okay, i am afraid of heights so i am not religious
i am a lawyer. i also run a blog about rabbit rescues
i am an attorney, i was afraid of heights
that is a shame. i am hoping to find a way to take care of rabbits.
haha, i am a vegan, so i am not religious.
i am a competitive body builder so i try to be as healthy as possible
i love dogs. i have two dogs.
i live with my sister. i am color blind and live with my little sister
i live in oklahoma so i have to go to school.
i would love to live with my sister in a cabin on a reservation.
indian is a pretty great language. do you speak any other languages?
i am twenty year old. how old are you?
how old are you
i am well! how about you?
i am going to be an actor in a movie
i am a mechanic. i am hoping to be a movie star.
i want to be an actor but i am not sure what i want to do
what kind of work do you do?
i am a huge fan of playing the violin, the violin sounds fun
i love to go hunting. i have a favorite color
i like french fries and pizza, what about you?
i am a vegan so i don't eat shellfish at all.
i want to be an actor someday
what is your favorite food? mine is sushi.
do you like the rice? i love the rice
that is cool, what is your favorite cuisine?
hey, i am good thanks for asking. just got back from my travels.
i am doing my nails, i love the beach, especially my nails.
nice. i am just looking for my perfect face.
they are fine, i just got my nails done
oh i love holo glitter. what is your favorite color?
i am on a diet now so i get my garden done
i don't think i can do much with my garden. i have traveled a lot.
do you grow anything? i have plants.
i grow herbs, plants, flowers, etc. all kinds of things. you?
what is it that you like?
maybe i should. i am so outgoing.
yes i love growing them
that sounds very interesting.
i am fine. how are you?
i am good, just got back from a surfing trip.
i am well. i am just enjoying my morning break.
i am opening up an online fashion blog.
oh wow, i am going to look at fashion, i am so tall.
yes, i am currently looking for a new job.
great! i am 5 foot, so i am not tall enough to do anything with my height.
i am tall. i am a good mom.
my family has four siblings. i play guitar and listen to music.
i am going to new york city next year.
i am planning on going to the red hot chili peppers show.
we are going to the vegas scene next year and we will be playing the soundtracks.
that sounds like a fun show!
i work as a fashion designer, and i want to be a fashion designer.
that is a very noble goal. do you have any siblings?
i want to be a fashion designer, but i am too young to have kids.
do you work out? i am in college.
i am so sorry. i am in college right now.
no, i don't know, but i do want to get to law school soon.
oh. i am sorry. i did not see the point in speeding.
oh no! that is not good. i am a lawyer.
that is so cool. i would love to be a fashion designer.
thanks. i was in court for shoplifting too.
i was in court for stealing.
that is good. i hope that makes sense to you.
it was good. i just had to wait for my best friend to get home.
that is a good thing. i will have to pay the price.
no. i was in high school.
not sure. my apartment is in seattle.
i am in nyc, i am in cali. i am going to hike soon.
sounds fun. i teach kindergarten.
i am a graphic designer. i am currently living in the country.
i have art in my apartment.
i draw sometimes, i am currently learning to draw.
that is great! what do you do for a living?
yes it does! i love to hike in nature
i teach kindergarten, so i am not that fortunate.
i should probably study. i want to be a graphic designer
it is not for me. i have to work.
wow! i will try to learn some of those things.
i guess i am too young to really have much experience
yes it is. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
that is a lot of cats. i have a few pets.
yes, i have a cat and a dog. we don't have kids. i don't want
i am a male, i work at home
do you work? i deliver children to my home.
i am a real busy person
it is. i don't want kids, but i want to.
yes, i am. i am trying to tell my story.
it is okay. i drink water and drink water with my husband.
i used to drink a lot of water
i work in a delivery company.
i work at a factory
wow that is really cool i don't have any kids
i am more of a cook
it is my favorite thing to do! i don't cook. i am a baker.
i don't say that
hi! i am doing well. just finished college. how are you?
i am in college, i am in college
nice. i love my girlfriend so much. she is my best friend
i am a single woman. i live with my turtle
i have a dog and a cat named max
i have a turtle named timothy
i am a lawyer. i am hoping to go to law school soon.
i am a democrat. what about you?
that is great. my girlfriend is currently with me, but she lives with me.
i was born in bora bora
sometimes. i love to travel. it is always exciting.
i have been to brazil, ny. my parents live there.
nice. do you like country?
i am great! i love cats and dogs!
i love animals. i hunt them in the arctic.
i have never heard of that. i am into music.
i love harry manila too! i love science too.
that sounds fun! i am studying to be an animal therapist.
i read books on the polar bear hunt.
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you hike?
i go hunting with my family. i have a brother who hunts them.
i have always wanted to be in school. i am so old!
yes i do. i am really interested in finding new ice caves.
i don't think you can get a dog to live with you.
i have a dog. i hunt for them, but i don't have a dog.
well i hope you have fun!
i don't have a job, i am a geologist.
i am sorry. i am so sorry. do you ever dream of being back in the us?
pretty good. just got home from a big game of thrones.
i like holidays and my dog and my dog are good friends
its my favorite day to take my dogs for a walk
yeah, i like the warm weather, do you have pets?
yes it is, i have a horse and a leash
its nice to have pets
no i don't but i have a dog
that is awesome. what are your favorite things to do?
i don't. what do you have to say?
i am a teacher at a shelter
i am a stock broker.
that is interesting. what do you do for a living?
do you like your job? i am a stockbroker in australia
i am doing well. how are you?
that is cool. i am a big boomer, i have lots of hair
i like music also i listen to nirvana
my dad served in the military, we were proud immigrants.
no i am in the military and i like to play guitar
what do you do for a living?
that is cool do you like police
i am a retired army officer.
i am more into music
i like vietnam, i have never heard of it.
what do you do for a living
i have not been to vietnam since i was a child.
do you like music? i am a musician
i also sew and crochet.
i like animals and i love them
hi, i am a lawyer. i love traveling and traveling.
where are you from?
i am 22. i am studying to be a lawyer
i am in school. my mom is in law school. i am an 11 year old
i am a lawyer, what is your profession?
i am, i ride rollercoasters in my free time
not really, i like to travel and go on adventures.
i am planning on going to tae kwan do too!
a trip to the moon, i love to travel
i don't know much about that. what do you do?
that sounds like a good way to spend the weekend
it is. i am only 12 so i can go everywhere.
i am an only child. do you have pets?
i am doing okay. just hanging out at home with my boys.
i love hiking, i have never been out of the city.
i like hiking, but i am not much of a outdoorsy person.
i love the outdoors. i love going to the park.
nice. i love hiking in the woods.
my favorite food is sweets, i love them.
i love sweets. i like chocolate.
i don't eat much sweet, i like to work out.
i like to go hiking and take care of my two boys.
that sounds fun. do you have any hobbies?
i bet they love it. i spend a lot of time with them.
i am in the office. i am in class, but i don't have a degree yet.
i am a accountant so i am good at it.
i have a bit of a hipster lifestyle.
i work in accounting. how about you?
sure, i am lucy. i am not your typical soccer fan.
i love pizza, especially when you are eating pizza.
yes, i do. what do you do for a living?
i work as a registered nurse at a pediatric hospital.
i am a secretary at the local hospital.
oh that is awesome. do you like it?
it is fun, i have been working in an office since high school.
my favorite is watching one of the tree hills.
i am a Presbyterian.
i am a christian, i am also a registered nurse at a pediatric hospital.
oh, you are a catholic? do you like sports?
yes, i love playing with my girlfriend
my team is in a soccer team.
nice. what are your hobbies?
i am glad to hear that. i am in a home office.
hello, i am doing great. i am doing my kindergarten homework.
oh my! i don't eat meat.
i just got my first kitten, a tabby cat. you?
aw, i have a pet and its a little bit big
i have a cat and 2 cats
awesome! i am a student so i am going to graduate high school in a few years
college was fun, i was so excited to graduate
yeah i don't live in a very wealthy area.
yes i live on the upper end of a handful of homes
oh no! i live in a 3 bedroom apartment
i am a teacher, i cant afford to pay bills so i have to pay them myself
do you have a cat?
i love to go to the park and walk around
that is fun, i don't like animals.
i have never had a favorite food. i am really hungry
i am doing okay. i am just finishing up my two part time jobs
what do you do for a living?
i am a full time job. what do you do for a living?
i am a teacher, so i have a degree in jujitsu.
i like to write fantasy books.
i am a huge ed sheeran fan
i read fantasy books when i was younger.
i read all the time. i also read my erotica on the side
i have two part time jobs. i am looking for a teacher.
i am going for college. what about you?
that is great. what do you like to do in your spare time?
what do you do for work?
what is your favorite sim?
yes i will! i am the name of my girlfriend.
i am named by my secret.
oh that is nice. what are you up to?
i love to cook, but i never finished high school.
do you like cereal?
i love crackers
i think so.
well, it is very expensive for me to live with
yeah, i will be studying to be a lawyer
oh nice! i am currently in college
i am going to be a lawyer then
i love sardines! i bet they are amazing!
i am going to travel and take them to frisbees to celebrate my graduation
great! just finished my nails.
i don't drink, i am too busy studying biology to party
i don't think so. i am going to try something different
i am a marine biologist. do you work?
yes i am but i don't like water
i am a marine biologist
i love soaps and ice cream
i am not into sports. i want to be a marine biologist.
cool, i love the purple, do you garden
well, i am very studious and don't like to party!
no, i am working in a factory
oh wow! that is awesome!!
i work in a factory so i get to go there.
i am a marine biologist
oh, i work in a factory i don't like water
hi there, i am in a rural area. i live in florida. you?
i live in cali. do you live with your parents?
do you have any pets? i have a cat.
i have a cat. what kind of cat do you have?
do you have allergies to cats?
lol i have indian heritage
i don't like movies. i like to watch the carnival movies
i have a dog that is named ralph
i like the carnival. i work there.
what do you do for fun? i love to dance
i like scotch to relax
i understand that i am so nervous. i need to be careful.
i drink a lot of scotch. i am afraid of dogs
yeah i am sorry to hear that
i like scotch alot
i am a real estate agent and i am an environmentalist.
i love to work out and have fun with my horses.
that is cool. i have been working as a real estate agent for a long time.
yes. i ride horses. my favorite band is john denver.
do you have a horse?
i wish they could. i would love to come to your house every day.
i have been working as a real estate agent for 12 years.
i am thinking of going to college.
i bet they do. do you have a lot of horses?
i love to cook. i love to cook meals with food from my garden
i am a foodie, so i eat healthy as well.
i am sure it is. i am working out every day so it is relaxing.
that is cool. i am a real estate agent.
i like music too. i love listening to them when i work out.
he was a great father.
not much, just watching the lord of the rings. i am a big fantasy fan.
i have never seen them before.
yeah, it is a great job! i don't have time for hobbies. i work part time
i wish i was the one in charge. i am in the lead.
i am a fantasy fan
i like the sounds of the grotty stuff.
i am not a big fan of it. i love fantasy!
i like to party when i am not playing.
i am not familiar with them. i am not familiar with the lord of the rings.
i am a stay at home mom. i am the lead singer of the popular band.
that is awesome. i am also in the fantasy world.
not much. i am a rockstar. a lot of country songs are on the radio.
i am a big fantasy fan. i love the lord of the rings.
i love my mom. she is the one with the keys to my car.
i am so sorry. we should go sometime.
i am doing great and yourself?
i am doing well. just sitting here playing poker
what kind of poker do you play
yes it is hard, i am a carpenter
i am not really that good at bluffing, i don't know if i can do it
i have not done that yet
i don't like drugs but i have a habit of being addicted to them
i am sorry to hear that i am a carpenter so i don't have many friends
well my two dogs are keeping me company
well that is about it, i will try again soon
i think i am over it lol
i am just playing poker and making plans
nice i love sardines i love it
i do, i am working as a carpenter
i like animals especially dogs
i am good thanks for asking
i am great! i love singing karok! i love it.
i don't like my army teacher because i am a troubled teen
oh really? i am a petite animal lover.
i have a dog and a cat, what about you?
i have allergies to dogs. i have a pit bull
oh that is ok do you like italian food?
i like pizza but i don't like pizza
well pizza is my favorite food
i don't have much hobbies. i like to sing.
that is good. do you like to work out?
i have not done it since high school.
i am in a program that teaches troubled teens how to paint
i am doing well. just got home from a long day of volunteering at a zoo.
what movie are you watching?
what movie? i like the show zoos.
i am going to watch my dad and i hate him.
do you have a good friend?
i don't know why. do you?
well it is rude.
he is. i would rather watch with my cat.
well you should get out of my way!!!!!!!!
she is not nice. but she loves onions. and i love them too!
i do love onions! i got some for my mom
i bet i like it. i also like you too!
not really i don't want to be a woman
oh, i know that is not very interesting
tell me more about yourself.
i am good. how are you?
good how are you
that is bad. i am sorry to hear that.
oh, what grade are you in?
i am not a kid but i am a parent
i am not good at it. i am a grown woman. but i am a proud woman
do you have any dogs?
i have a dog, he is amazing. what do you do for fun?
that is too many. i don't have any pets. i am 14 and love cats
do you have any hobbies?
i am a boy so i am not a boy
it is. are you married?
oh i love the music but i hate cats
i love the state of ohio. do you like any other states?
that is nice. i am not very good at math
i have always loved him. he is so sweet.
i like to work out. i am a farmer.
i love animals. i met my best friend in kindergarten. she is a veterinarian.
do you grow vegetables? i love cooking meals with food from our garden.
i like to cook with my best friend in kindergarten.
i like to work out, but i am also very active.
i don't have time for excercise. my best friend works as a manager at a pizza
i teach math. i am also a big fan of john denver.
i am an advertising manager for a local clothing store.
interesting. i love horses. they are my favorite.
oh, i think we could own a horse ranch someday.
i am a stay at home mom. i love cooking meals with food from my garden.
i love movies. i have been to nyc once.
i am good just listening to music
oh i like the music, i have heard that for years
i like a lot of things. my siblings and i have four.
i work in a warehouse. i am a metalworker
i am actually in school right now. what about you?
do you work at a bbq
i have not said anything yet.
i lift weights so i can lift more
i lift people, do you?
i am sorry, i am not sure what i am talking about
that is so cool, i wish i was a teacher.
i would not know who to call
yes i am a tall kid and i am not moving
i am not! i am big and tall!
oh i am sure you are not in a car?
hi there, i am on vacation in new york. i love the office
i do. i don't have time for that. i am looking for something different.
i don't go out much. i live in new york.
yes! what do you do for a living?
i wish i could go back and do it.
i hope so! what else do you enjoy?
that is so nice. i live in new york.
i am from chicago. i got my bf at mcdonalds.
that is cool. do you like cars? i don't.
you should, i would go! its a dead end job so i am looking for something different.
i don't like sweets either.
i don't. i have a cat named dylan.
i don't have any pets. i just have a snake.
no i am not married. i am single.
i am not good at it either. i work in an office.
i am doing ok. just got off work from work.
i am a makeup artist, i work in the office.
i am a stay at home mom and dad.
i have three and they are all awesome. do you have any hobbies?
fish is a good thing. i have two dogs.
i love dogs. what are your hobbies?
i like to workout. i like to go to the gym a lot
i like to shop at antique stores.
what do you eat? i drink milk, i love it.
oh that is great. i am a health nut, so i am more active
i am not. i want to be single.
i love being single, so i try to get out more
i also don't want kids though. i don't go to the gym.
i am good, how about yourself?
i am good. i am studying for college.
oh that is great, i am a nurse, i am also a red cross volunteer
i am a nurse, i am pretty outgoing and outgoing
i am in the process of becoming a nurse, but i am not sure how to start
oh wow! that is cool, i have a few friends i hang out with.
i hang out with my teddy bears, and they are fun
wow! that sounds awesome! i love rap music.
i like country, country and rock, country and country, country and rock
i also like sports, but i prefer rap. i love sports too
i do. i like to go to the court in my free time.
i play basketball mostly. i am a 22 year old girl.
what state do you live in?
i am not so much into snowing as i am into sports.
that is cool. i have a nice green face